welcome to true crime garage wherever
you are whatever you are doing thanks
for listening I'm your host Nick and
with me of course as always from behind
the glass is the man steering the ship
he is the captain and together we would
like to point out that only a total
psychotic would listen to this show at
two times the speed
welcome to the show cap think you think
you think you it's good to be seen it's
good to see you thanks for listening and
thanks for telling a friend this week we
are drinking anheuser-busch's Budweiser
an American lager and an American
classic the one-time king of beers
garage grade three bottle caps out of
five and this week our fridge is full
thank you to all of you out there but
specifically first up thanks to Laura P
in Washington and a big shout to Emily
and Osage Minnesota next up we have
Brian in Highlands Ranch Colorado and in
Birmingham Alabama
we have Andrea she is me and next up we
have our friend Randy in Federal Way
Washington and last but certainly not
least we have a long-distance Sears way
out to Lauren in Port Talbot Wales thank
you to everybody for helping us out with
this week's show if you want to
contribute to future shows go to true
crime garage comm and click on the
donate button and if you'd like to check
out our old episodes download the
stitcher app and we have a weekly show
called off the record so get hip to that
it's hip to be square and that's enough
of the business all right captain
everybody gather round grab a chair grab
a beer let's talk some true crime
[Music]
all right we're back with part three of
brandon swanson it's like we never left
yeah some people cover this case in ten
minutes we covered in ten hours
ten episodes so going through these
theories here captain we talked about
how thinking sideways said it's
impossible for alien abduction you said
no time warp
no sasquatch there are people and i find
this a little strange but it is
something that you do have to consider
anytime you have a missing persons case
is that the individual chooses to be
missing that they decide to walk away
from their life yeah we both agree in
this case the fact that brandon seemed
to be lost at some point so he's calling
for help from friends they don't answer
so then he calls and gets ahold of his
parents and he's asking for help
basically right and we agree that he
didn't walk away from his life based off
of his actions leading up to his last
known whereabouts right and there's also
it would make zero sense to call mom and
dad
yeah and decide to walk away that same
night yeah and on top of that there is
no nothing of his past or anything that
his family is pointing to that this is a
possibility mm-hmm one of the more
plausible theories and this kind of
branches into a couple different options
here is that Brandon perished in some
type of accident somewhere out there in
that night this theory seems to be again
one of the more likely ones although
it's the problem here in this case will
continue to be that they've not ever
found Brandon they've never found any
evidence of him clothing a jacket shoes
anything of his glasses his phone
anything like that
but let's get into this theory let's
break it down right Brandon was
disoriented and confused about where he
was that is not a question he was 20
miles from where he thought he was we
know he got his car stuck in a ditch we
know he was frustrated based off of what
his parents were saying he decided to
abandon the vehicle he starts started
he took what he referred to as a more
direct route across fields farmland
off-road areas terrain he was not
familiar with well not initially he was
staying on the road initially and then
he went off paths correct
he's walking along fences and he states
to his father he can hear running water
meanwhile what else do we know he it's
very dark that night
Brandon is blind in one eye his father
heard him exclaim oh shit and then the
phone on Brandon's side goes dead so
what happened here well let's be clear
it doesn't go dead from our knowledge
there's a disconnection the call drops
what I'm sorry about that and and it's
just words but you're right we need to
clear that up because there is a hot
debate about if his phone went dead or
if it was still active yes after he says
oh shit the call ends on Brandon's end
from here a lot of people say Brandon
could have fallen or could have walked
into something this would be the river a
well a sinkhole or some other type of
obstacle let's go through this because I
think we can very quickly eliminate some
of these possibilities and this is based
off of information that has come out and
it's pretty wild you know
readily available the sinkhole theories
have basically been debunked by Jeff
Hasse remember he's the search Manager
that we spoke about who them
methodically and meticulously was
searching for Brandon all these years he
stated that the radius where he
calculated that Brandon could have
possibly walked from his car and this is
even after the call went dead
according to the blog that he maintained
that we referenced yesterday the site's
details in the search is conducted for
Brandon provided you know making these
public he states that sinkholes form and
karst or cave gyah
now he also says that the only
cardiology in Minnesota is in the
southeastern part of the state the area
where Brandon went missing is in the
southwestern part of Minnesota basically
he's saying he couldn't have fallen into
a sinkhole because they're not there
right the other thing he points out too
regarding like Wells open Wells and
things of that nature on farmland he
points out that the farmland in this
area of the country is extremely
valuable and they all old wells have
been capped off or replaced per
Minnesota law so the days of large wells
with buckets that people could fall into
he saying are long gone right there
could be capped off and also in this
area these farmers and these people who
live in the area would hear about this
kid going missing and they probably
checked their property for any signs of
Brandon yes
he's stating that all the water sources
on these industrial farms were quote
unquote high-tech by 2008 now old
cisterns could exist but again if they
do the searchers have never found one
mm-hmm
that could leave us with the river so we
have a local woman who participated in
the searches for Brandon she posted that
the terrain out there is riddled with
swamps bogs caves six foot tall
grasslands wooded areas and ponds
cattails along the riverbanks are eight
feet tall at this time of year Brandon
could have walked or fallen into you
know the river or the swamps or the bogs
at any point along this way his father
says after Brandon says oh shit that he
heard some type of what he describes as
a slipping sound and we know that the
scent dogs tracked Brandon to the actual
River and then seemed to indicate that
he got back out of the river so that
this is goes into what you were talking
about earlier captain
where you have to wonder is it possible
to brand and fall into the yellow
medicine river and did something happen
to his phone that he that he even maybe
he didn't drown in the river or maybe he
did maybe he hit his head and drowned in
the river but you also have this theory
that maybe he slipped into the river he
gets out but his phone does not then the
question is what his phone continued to
ring for a few days
even after submerged Jeff Hasse says yes
this is a possibility that the the sound
that the caller hears has nothing to do
with the condition of the actual phone
so this makes this a very possible thing
here right yeah and sometimes wasn't you
trying to call somebody if you don't
have great service your phone will ring
multiple times before it actually tries
to connect to them right right so the
idea being here that maybe something
happened to the phone here's here's the
the thing that you really got to
consider right if he did fall into the
river even if he got out he very likely
could be soaking wet then we he's
staggering along the road until he
decides to stop and rest somewhere maybe
this is a whole field or in the woods or
an abandoned barn he could have died of
hypothermia temperatures dropped to 39
degrees that night we both agreed that
he was wearing fairly warmth clothing
for that evening the river was only 55
degrees could Brandon have succumb to
the cold especially if he was wet his
body having not been found yet could be
because it was either too obscured or
has been scattered by animals plowed
under and broken up by heavy farm
equipment we have to remember that
searchers were not able to access all of
the farmland in the area some of which
were covered thickly with high tight
crops there's some interesting things
that Jeff has
States in his information that he's made
public when he's talking about you know
we reference how many dogs they used in
the search for Brandon over the years
the problem is at certain times of the
years the the crops are at different
heights and he says that the height of
crops can make it extremely difficult if
not impossible for a dog to find the
scent right and it's it's hard to search
in general when you have obstacles like
that you see that in a case like the
Long Island serial killer case
jeff has he also states that this region
receives nearly constant winds which can
come from any direction
these winds move sent from the source
and deposited into what he refers to as
scent pools this can throw off the
cadaver dogs meaning there they won't be
able to settle on an exact location of
the remains the other possibility to
that he points out is that the remains
may have been scattered over a wide area
and this could be by predators you know
such as animals or that they were moved
by human activities such as farmers
tilling their fields or baling hay or
corn stalks something like that mm-hmm
then again we also have these access
issues they've not been able to search
everywhere that they would like to
search they have been very careful to
protect landowners property over the
years generally avoiding searching
fields with crops in them even though he
states there's a very likely chance that
Brandon ended up in a field right he
states that this yeah this only leaves
spring and fall available for them to
search and then we have the difficulty
of how much land there is to search
remember he pointed out that you're
prioritizing 98.5 square miles
yeah he says Oh Lance yeah he says to
effectively search a single 160 acre
field a team a whole team of people must
walk in excess of 10 miles in what he
says is difficult footing along these
same lines here captain he points out
that
not all the private land own along these
same lines here captain Jeff points out
that not all of these private land
owners have agreed to searches because
let's say Brandon attempted to seek
shelter from the wind or from the cold
right at some point along his journey
maybe he crawls into an outbuilding or
under some old machinery and then passes
there he says that they've not searched
all of the farmsteads in fact they've
only searched very few of the farmsteads
in the area
well you said there was a radius that
they had to search and there's a what
was the percentage like they've only
been able to search about sixty percent
sixty percent of the area that they've
prioritized yes well and to go back to
the cadaver dogs to if you have like a
small pond of water but it has a drains
into something that the cadaver dogs
normally do not hit inside the pond like
the body could be in the middle of the
pond the cadaver dogs normally hit where
the water is training because that's
where the scent is more dominant he also
points out the conditions in Minnesota
at that time of year and by his all of
his knowledge and all of his experience
it's his opinion that a body could
become fully skeletonized within a week
so that's very quick out there even
calculating that Brandon's body was
likely fully disarticulated by mid July
of 2008 and he says this would be very
likely at the latest and one of the
things that makes this case so much more
fascinating and like you've been talking
about is the documentation of the search
that really changes everything with as
far as like the Brandon Lawson case or
like even like Mara Murray like we don't
have as detailed records of the searches
that happen and in those cases right and
so what is fascinating here and really
educating at the same time is all the
information about the search
throughout the years detailed
information where we have a complete
understanding of look so many so many
shows in so many news articles in so
many website forums and message boards
they keep coming back to the idea that
something weird had to have happened
because they've not found Brandon right
the problem here is we have the the
search manager the guy in charge in his
team that is very publicly stating we
had this huge area to search we went
over the difficulties of the search or
what could have happened throughout the
the years wherever Brandon may be that
adds to the difficulty level of the
search and yet we have them saying
there's still almost 40% of the
prioritized area that we have not been
able to get to you know which is sad
because this is somebody's child this is
people's friends the you know and I
understand why some of the places
haven't been searched but it's kind of
sad yes I mean there's there's a
multitude of reasons why certain areas
have not been searched and some of it is
just happenstance some of it is just the
lay of the land itself what do we think
happened here captain we we could spin
our tires all day long on the
possibilities and the searches and what
has taken place over the course of 11
years or almost you know 11 years now
what do we think happened well well
let's take a quick beer break so we can
gather our thoughts and gather some
beers
if there's something interfering with
your happiness or preventing you from
achieving your goals better help online
counseling can help better help offers
licensed professional counselors who
specialize in issues such as depression
anxiety relationships trauma anger
family conflicts LGBT matters grief
self-esteem and more connect with a
professional counselor and a safe and
private online environment and get help
at your own time and at your own pace
anything that you share is confidential
and it's so convenient you can schedule
secure video or phone sessions as well
as chat and text with your therapist if
for some reason you're not happy with
their counselor though you can request a
new one at anytime for no additional
charge best of all it's a truly
affordable option our listeners even get
10% off your first month with discount
code garage so why not get started today
go to better help calm slash garage then
simply fill out a questionnaire to help
them assess your needs and get matched
with the counselor you'll love that's
better help calm slash garage better
help calm slash garage getting in shape
isn't just about losing weight it's
about feeling better about yourself
whether that means having more energy to
keep up with your busy life fitting into
those gold jeans being more in tune with
your body's needs or practicing better
self-care
NUMA is a habit changing solution that
helps users develop a new relationship
with food through personalized courses
with Noom no food is good bad or
off-limits instead Noom teaches
moderation by helping you track meal
habits visualize portion sizes and see
calorie density at a glance it can even
be used in conjunction with many
pre-existing popular diets I highly
recommend that you check out Noom I've
signed up and I'm loving it so far this
is a program that is easy for me to
follow it's helping me track my meal
habits which is very much needed for me
and helping me decide on portion sizes
for me it's about building habits and
being consistent and by using the new
app I'm able to have more consistency
and so there
for I'm having a compound interest
effect on my weight loss track your
habits and track your changes with new
mand you don't have to change it all in
one day small steps make big progress
sign up for your trial today at noon in
oom comm slash garage what do you have
to lose visit new mom slash garage to
start your trial today that's Noom comm
science garage the last weight loss
program you'll need away knows that
everyone has a different travel style
that's why they make their carry-on in
an array of colors two sizes and two
materials a strong yet flexible poly
carbonate and an anodized aluminum not
to mention suitcases are designed to
last a lifetime
but if any part of your suitcase breaks
a ways stand out customer service team
will arrange to have it fixed or
replaced ASAP and thanks to their 100
day trial on everything away makes take
it out on the road and live with it you
can travel with it get lost with it
then if you decide it's not for you you
can return any non personalized items
for a full refund no ifs ands or
asterisks want to see it for yourself
shop everything away at their stores in
New York Austin la San Francisco Boston
Chicago and London I know that me and
the colonel we are both super happy with
our way luggage I received my away
carry-on and guess what I took a trip
down to Florida
this meant two airports multiple car
rides and a whole week along with my
luggage when I got back home I threw out
the old luggage the away luggage is so
much better
I love the spinner wheels for spinner
wheels so I'm moving fast and it's super
convenient and it's strong and the
captain I both agree it's good looking
luggage it's very stylish for $20 off a
suitcase visit away travel.com slash
garage 20 and use promo code garage 20
during checkout that's away travel.com
slash garage 20 and use promo code
garage 20 for $20 off a suitcase because
getting away means
getting more out of every trip to come
[Music]
all right got that king of beer sing of
beer king's king of beers sorry what did
I say I don't know I'm looking at my
notes and trying to talk at the same
time I'm doing the same thing I'm moving
some things around would you like to go
first my friend yeah I can I think to me
it's where does the evidence take us I
think one with this search we will find
you know with a banded car we're gonna
find him within this area I think we're
the the initial scent dogs hit into the
river that's the yellow medicine river
correct where they hit there I then came
out of the river I think they should
have just probably stayed in the river
that's what my what my gut is telling me
is the old shit again when he was
talking to his father he's saying I'm
along this fence line I can hear water
and then boom all shit we have no signs
of foul play
but that does not mean that further down
the line you know if there's send dogs
just stop that further down the line
there wouldn't be maybe something but we
haven't had no reports of that so I
think where the car was with possibly
being tired I think with possibly being
you know let's say buzzed I think
there's some evidence that he had a few
drinks he was frustrated he was tired he
was walking he was trying to get help
he was definitely lost or not in the
area that he thought he was I think that
area is very easy to be confused and I
think you're gonna dive into that more
but I think like I said the dogs take us
to that area
I think his conversation with his father
on the phone points to being in that
area and to be around that to that River
mm-hmm we have not found his body now I
think that is a leap like you said maybe
60% of this area has been searched for t
he hasn't so could you find his body
somewhere else yes and I understand that
they also searched this river I think
it'd be a lot harder to find his body in
water in general so I I just think that
kind of leads to it and I know like I
said I know that's a leap to say well
well you haven't found his body on land
so therefore it puts him into water but
I think there's other like I said those
other pieces of evidence kind of points
us in the direction that there could
have been an accident that happened
along that that water line mm-hmm mm-hmm
I want to address a few different things
that I think are confusing this whole
situation from all of the armchair
detectives all the people on the outside
looking in I think first I want to
address the issue of I'm not totally
discrediting or discounting the
possibility of foul play
but what I do want to discredit is the
thought that because his name is on
ViCAP means that he met with foul play
and people keep going back to that well
law enforcement must know something that
we don't know because they put him on
ViCAP that is a possibility then they
know something that we don't it's
definitely a possibility but looking
into that specific situation what I
gathered from the database is that ViCAP
was alerted of Brandon Swanson's
situation on March 5th of 2010 and then
it was released to the public as being
part of the ViCAP database on April 7th
of 2010 now remember what we reported
earlier that back in March of 2010 the
Minnesota Bureau of Criminal
Apprehension became the lead
investigating agency on the case new
eyes look
a cold case what I'm getting to here
captain is it's my thought that the
reason that Brandon is on ViCAP is not
because there is evidence of foul play
or that he was met with violence it's
simply because a new agency took over
his case and decided to ask it to be
applied to ViCAP as something that it
can't hurt to put him on the database
right the only thing that could hurt is
the rumor mill mm-hmm and then I also
want to address the issue of him being
disoriented or you know why he got lost
that whole situation first of all I
question one how well he would have
known any of these areas outside of
route 68 and route 23
I seriously questioned that first of all
how experienced of a driver is he he's
only 19 years old and we have some
stories that may indicate that he might
have even lost his license at one point
and then people point out that well he
traveled this route for a full school
year to and from Marshall and Camby
where his school was I take I take a
little issue with that too because this
the typical school year at this school
is late August to mid-may it's not
really a full year one and they take
about a month-long break in the middle
of the winter so it's not a full year
first of all and then second of all why
would he know the area's off of Route 68
Grau 68 takes them to and from school so
I really questioned how well he knew
this area then on top of that we have
some confusion confusing things going on
regarding the lay of the land so anybody
that has seen this area on a map will
know that the streets and the roads the
country roads out there are laid out
basically like a square grid yeah I
believe there's a simple version of this
map on Wikipedia
yeah I would I would encourage anybody
to look up that simple version of the
map and then use your own map app to
really zoom in on some areas and go
through that trail that we discussed in
detail regarding the dog's movements
when they were following or believed to
be following Brandon's movements now
what you will see here is regarding this
map okay so picture a square if you're
not looking at it picture square route
68 runs diagonally from the northwest
corner of that Square to the southeast
corner of that square above route 68 and
below route 68 you have country roads
that are laid out in a grid now north of
68 we have street names and Avenue names
such as they're all kind of numbers
there are some that are named but the
overwhelming majority of them are just
numbers meaning like three hundred and
sixtieth Street two hundred and
eightieth Avenue one hundred in tenth
Street one hundred and fiftieth Avenue
so on and so forth you get what I'm
talking about now north of route 68 all
of the numbered roads if they're going
east to west they are an avenue if
they're going north to south or south to
north
they are streets if you get south of 68
it flip-flops where all of the numbered
country roads going north to south are
avenues and east to west are streets
what I'm getting at here is you would
only have to take one wrong turn to end
up going the wrong way if you let's say
you are somewhat familiar with the area
and you are aware that oh avenues run
east-west streets run north to south
even though I'm lost I'm going to use
that information to guide me back to
where I think I need to get to well if
you make one wrong turn
basically take that whole square map
that I just described and turn it on its
side because now the streets are going
east to west and avenues are going north
to south it's a very tricky area so I
completely understand why somebody
anyone regardless of their situation how
much they've had to drink how little
they've had to drink what they've
ingested or not would get turned around
and Confused in this situation and again
as we pointed out there are indicators
to him that he is right in his statement
where he sees I got a go across a major
road there is a river that runs into
that town I must be where I think I
write in the simple fact of the matter
is the people that say well he knew this
area well he didn't because where he
told his family he was he was not hmm
and that's all the proof that you need
that he didn't know where he was that
maybe he does know that area well but
that night um no he didn't know where he
was at the other thing too that I think
gets in the way of really sorting
through all of this is the oh shit
moment right so this case
oddly enough made me think back to my
childhood okay I'm a child of the 90s
and what I'm talking about here captain
is the song the things that make you go
hmm bye C&C; Music Factory this was a
1990 release things that make you go
what hmm
don't bother looking up the song it's as
bad as you expect it to be mm-hmm okay
now look this case of course this is a
tragic case here of this young man but
it's truly a big question mark and why
so many people are fascinated by this
case is that it's a big question mark
now if you look at the lyrics for that
song the things that make you go hmm the
lyrics in that song is listing out very
simply the things that make you go hmm
now there are a lot of questions in this
case but what I was really looking at
regarding the phone call he says oh shit
and then the phone call ends I was
really thinking to myself
what are the things that would make me
go oh shit
right and so we're going to put
ourselves in Brandon's shoes here so to
speak
now that could have been any number of
things it could have been some type of
accident he could have hurt himself
you know people people say a car up to
them pile of shit right whatever but the
the problem is the call ends after this
takes place so you can't you can't just
look at this and go oh what would make
me say oh shit what would make me say oh
shit and then the phone the phone call
ends you have to put those two things
together because that's what took place
now of course it could have been some
type of accident he could have fallen
into the river the river kills his phone
but the other thing just as simple could
be his phone is going to die right the
phone is losing its charge it has no
battery life left his phone according to
what you can the specs that you can find
online has 400 minutes of call time of
talk time we know that this one phone
call the last phone call took up 47
minutes of talk time
that's one-eighth of the whole battery
life right there now on top of that he
said wasn't a good thumb on top of that
he's had multiple calls with mom and dad
before this last one he's also gone to
two parties that night I mean this phone
is basically a rock with antenna he left
his home by all accounts around 6:00
p.m. that night so he's been gone it's
now 3:00 in the morning
he's been gone like nine hours so what
I'm getting at here is our charger
though that's very possible
but what I'm getting at here is that
it's very likely that he could have been
talking and talking and talking pulled
the phone away looked at the screen and
went oh shit or got some kind of
notification that he heard on his end
but his father didn't hear mm-hm and
goes oh shit and then the phone goes
dead simply because the battery life ran
out the thing here is that doesn't get
us any closer to
what happened to Brandon but what I'm
getting at is what I think is is so
polarizing about that case this case is
that phone call where I think it's just
kind of confusing and it's really
clouding the whole situation the phone
call and him saying ol shit may mean
nothing at all
could be something super small something
as simple as his phone dying and then
whatever took place took place after he
no longer had the use of his phone I do
think that there's some type of accident
that took place out there it that led to
his demise mm-hmm that he probably did
succumb to the elements at some point
that evening and I think it's very
likely that he is somewhere in that area
that they've been unable to search for
any number of reasons that's 40% of the
area mm-hmm I think that's I think
that's what it what happened here I
think everything that the people that
are closest to this case are saying is
probably exactly what happened he wasn't
that messed up he just he got
disoriented because the area itself is
confusing well it's late at night it's
not well marked it's it would be
confusing for anybody traveling in that
area he tried to turn around because he
knew had to go an extra mile or two to
get to the next intersection and he was
frustrated and upset that he wasn't home
already and he just wanted to turn
around as quickly as possible and he ran
into the bad luck of getting his car
hung up in the ditch and then he ran
into further bad luck of having
indicators pointing out to him that he
may in fact be where he thinks he is I
think this is just at one of those
tragic cases and unfortunately I've
heard statements from his mother and
from his sister that are just
heartbreaking where his mother says I'm
kinda come to the conclusion that we
won't find Brandon in my lifetime and
then his sister adds to that by going
I'm starting to think we won't find him
in my lifetime yeah and because even if
you take like I said my theory I lean
more towards the idea that he ended up
in that River
while we know what what the water can do
to bodies and speed up the composition
you know decomposition of the body not
to mention the weather out there being a
little more extreme and colder weather
then and then also if you're right that
he is somewhere in this 40% that they
haven't been able to search like you
talked about
yeah farm equipment you have you know a
lot of this machinery that's gonna be
coming through you have animals you you
have the the weather you have all these
things stacked up against you to
actually find his remains mm-hmm
right and I the thing I want to point
out here too
captain is look I'm sure there's a lot
of us out there listening to this and
going well whatever happened to Brandon
would never happen to me I have GPS on
my phone I have a much different phone
than what Brandon had to carry back in
2008 let's let's be smarter than that
let's take this a step further put some
things in your vehicle put some safety
precautions in your vehicle flashlights
and he might have had something he may
he may have but it was a young kid this
I think this is just a this was a
friendly reminder to me or an unfriendly
reminder however you want to look at it
a reminder to me that it's a good idea
to have things like a flashlight
first-aid kit flares however far you
want to take this thing blankets some
people put bottles of water in their
vehicle this can happen to any of us and
if you're better prepared you might have
a different outcome yeah and even though
I really think my my gut feeling is
correct and then even if it's not
correct then I would lean more towards
the idea okay well maybe he made it out
of the water and now we just haven't
found him and that that forty percent
that hasn't been searched I can go with
that that one of the things that really
makes me ponder this case more
is the vehicles left and both doors are
open mm-hmm that doesn't make a lot of
sense to me
it seems one super strange to me and a
bit creepy and scary at the same time
that's the only indicator throughout
this whole story that whatever Brandon
was telling his father and his mother
that something totally different could
have been going on that's the only
indicator to me one one way that I've
tried to apply some just very basic
logic to why the the car doors would be
open obviously if somebody came along
and tried to wanted to steal something
or look for something of value in the
car that's an obvious thing right but I
also wondered if look they were trying
to use lights earlier in in this whole
thing as a way of finding one another by
flashing the lights part of me wonders
if Brandon look we know he was a smart
guy there's nobody disputing that
I wonder if while he's troubleshooting
his problem here if he thought you know
I'm gonna head off on foot walking
Northwest towards this town yes I'm
going to meet my father there but he's
still under the belief at that time that
he is in the area of where his father is
searching right so is it possible that
he thought I'll take this a step further
and leave the car door open or doors
open this leaving on the light inside of
the car that my father might see so if
he doesn't find me at least he finds a
car and I can we can use that as a
landmark er to meet up so I kind of
thought that the only thing that makes
that punches a hole in that thought in
theory is that you think this might have
been discussed between Brandon and his
father and it wasn't as far as we know
yeah it's seen that detail to me seems
like something that's gonna keep this
mystery around for a while right and his
father and mother not only led the
search that night and really pushed to
get law enforcement involved as quickly
as possible but they've continued to
lead the sir
for all these years yeah all missing
children cases are difficult I think
there's an element of the fact that you
both work getting up that night to go
help him makes it even more difficult
mm-hmm well and I hope and pray that his
mother and sister are wrong in their
thought and their belief that they've
kind of come to the idea that they may
never know what happened to Brandon in
throughout their course of their
lifetime I hope that they're wrong with
that the the family this has got to be
haunting for them and they've already
kind of come to the idea in somewhat
accepted the idea that Brandon's very
likely no longer with us but to have
some answers would would be very big
for them in this situation now there is
a thing today called Brandon's law and
this is because of Brandon's parents
Annette and Brian Swanson are
responsible for the enactment of
Brandon's law which became effective in
Minnesota on July 1st 2009 this law
requires Minnesota police to begin an
immediate search for missing adults
under 21 as well as older adults who are
missing under suspicious circumstances
and Brandon's situation certainly falls
into that regardless of what theory you
favor or believe the Swanson's have kept
the porch light on for their son they
have burned through many light bulbs in
the 11 years he has been missing Brian
Swanson has acknowledged that the family
likely won't find Brandon alive but they
still want to find him there has never
been a memorial service for Brandon
Brandon's sister is now married and
Brandon now has two nephews which he has
never met the Swanson's want to know
what happened to their son they say
quote you know people don't just vanish
into thin air but it sure seems like he
did
[Music]
whatever struggles you are facing from
depression and anxiety to trauma and
grief better help can connect you with a
professional counselor and a safe and
private online environment it's so
convenient you can schedule secure video
or phone sessions as well as chat and
text with your therapist and anything
that you share is completely
confidential best of all it's a truly
affordable option our listeners even get
10% off your first month with discount
code garage so why not get started
simply go to better help calm slash
garage and fill out a questionnaire to
get matched with your counselor you'll
love today that's better help calm slash
garage all right captain before we wrap
things up this week how about a little
recommended reading we have one from our
good friend good friend of the show
Billy Jensen his new book called chase
darkness with me captain you and I hung
out with Billy at crime Con and he was
kind enough to send a couple of copies
of chase darkness with me to the garage
we can't wait to read it that's by Billy
Jensen you don't have to write that
title down though because you can go to
true crime garage com click on the
recommended page and we will have that
title there for you along with other
recommendations yeah and I think he owed
us the book because he thought that uh
Bob ruff was gonna outdrink me but uh
but like we know like everybody knows
Bob ruff said good night therefore
disqualifying himself and making me the
winner of the drinking contest at crime
Con so Thank You Billy and thank you Bob
for quitting on the drinking contest
that's right all right until next week
everybody out there be good be kind and
don't let it
[Music]
[Applause]

