what's going on I'm asking you a
question you know what forget it
today's uh today's episode is rated 5
stars not today's it's probably the
previous episode shut the fuck up and
let me do my goddamn shit boy present
the misfits podcast obviously you
clicked on it uh ready at five thousand
iTunes buy milk boy McGee this is what
if you had a superpower the teleport
wherever you looked but you had a really
lousy I'm now we just wear an eye patch
out of one eye and then I would look at
the moon with the space suit on and go
to the moon and then I would look at
Mars through a telescope and then go to
Mars oh yeah
how you gonna breathe with my spacesuit
fuck George they by Toby and of course
swagger soul spaceman himself hello how
are you like space allied yeah you have
a spacesuit I I wish I have a fucking
off-white flight soon phalanx you know I
was listening to on the way here of the
LSD episode podcast right way back great
episode really would recommend listening
to that if you haven't from back when we
were entertaining back when we were
entertaining we're just going through a
crisis yeah we really have been through
a bit of a midlife crisis this year
Emily obviously guys recently what
happened is the podcast channel on
YouTube God terminators terminated
completely deleted it's it just came
back today but it was down for like
fucking four days yeah it was funny when
they broke I was at Ryan's house in
their land garage smoking weed and
playing Age of Empires and then all of a
sudden Ryan goes yeah the podcast
account is gone and I was like huh he
was it's gone it's been terminated it's
like okay is that a mistake and he goes
I think so and then we were just like
huh okay and so we just messaged the
guys over it on the end they sorted it
out yeah it was weird
apparently it was a bug a bunch of other
channels got terminated as well along
with a handful of channels got fucked up
by whatever this
it's kind of weird that that can just
happen to youtubers yeah it was really
weird because you know the reason a game
for the termination in the emails to the
to the to the actual Gmail it was
attached to and when you went on to it
when you were logged in it said that it
was terminated due to an impersonation
complaint yeah so somebody you know we
figured that maybe somebody had falsely
filed a impersonation report you know
who was who is that motherfucker Joe
Rogan you reckon yeah yeah it keeps DMV
me on Twitter it's like hey man now he's
actually gonna bring us down entirely
pause so if you said it's entirely
possible you're a douche bag per whack
you're copying me doing a podcast like
that we were trying to Alec made dude I
heard that it's like makes you at least
him Basim or elf I gotta be real with
you there's something amazing about
hunting your own free and then cooking
your own food it's just a mind-blowing
experience yeah like like fucking like
I'm high as shit right now when I'm in
the woods I usually take three mushrooms
lace them up roll them up with a group
about a fucking gram of reefer pack it
in really nice and tight light that shit
up and then burn it like incense and
we're not just go out and I shoot
whatever I see you snap video that
monkey turn apart that gazelle is yunkai
me bring that up what you're doing I
don't know somebody it was just
something crazy anyway that happened
we're back now we're here last week
obviously we had the whole squad on we
had Mason and J which is lovely today
we're back to making three of Mason and
Jane oh yeah right there
pop figurines not pop you twos you to
their vinyl figurines are still on the
site they're almost sold out if you guys
want to check them out go to youtube.com
and maybe pick them up before if I can
gone forever yeah get yourself like the
Blues not bad heavy rain
they have very very nice look at us
plugging for them even though they
didn't fuckin show up with I don't think
they would hit either of the play they
were here last week it was fair enough
either way yeah we here now Malak the
broadcast is back and it feels goddamn
good to be back
Toby what the fuck is that disgusting
bottle of juice on the desk well in the
patreon pre-show which for anyone who
doesn't know 30 minutes basically kind
of sometimes yellow pre-show content for
patrons I just decided to we were
talking about the fact that Ryan when we
were having a meeting earlier this week
got us a bunch of skittles insisted that
we had a bunch of skittles and vast
waters and I was like what if I just mix
them together okay first of all you know
why he got skills and cross water right
I know no we were there for that meeting
in LA he wasn't oh well what happened is
we had this meeting in LA with an agency
which we can't go into too much but like
basically they wanted to work with us
quite badly and so we figured we could
ask for some pretty crazy shit yeah
because they were yeah cuz well they
were asking like you know is there
anything you want is to do like any
special requests we were like oh shit oh
this is awesome so we we thought about
it for a while
Ryan originally settled with yeah we'll
get a bunch of Voss water glass of ice
water and we'll go for a bunch of
skittles but only red skittles yes who
will make them really one in all of the
red skills water in a big bowl of just
red skittles yeah but but eventually
what happened was we were like Matt's a
little bit too mean a little bit too
much we'll just turn you know look like
assholes
so we're like it just boss wanders and
just skittles and they fucking delivered
it was a lot of skittles and a lot of
boss water it was pretty awesome
and Mason just chomped on those skittles
the entire media everybody attention at
all so that's like a ritual it's a
ritual okay I mean it's a meme like
these don't actually care if we have
water just like fucking water people who
don't know it's just expensive water for
its people it's it's um artesian
artesian water from sweet and I thought
I believe or is it Swiss I don't know
either way apparently it's very fancy my
my mother we were when he was doing the
festival once and and somewhere in New
Zealand they get they get a rider
obviously for their green room basically
a brighter for anyone who doesn't know
is when you're a musician playing a
festival or a show or something the
people that own the show or whatever
well you can request things and they'll
leave them there for you yeah any little
backstage area but my brother was like
let's just see what we can do so he
asked for like raw mincemeat and fried
chicken and they got it yeah I'm sure
that celebrities have some crazy fucking
like requested they yeah they're like
pretty sure rituals or it's like I need
a pack of mentos but with all the flavor
removed from them I need a pack of
mentos all of them which have been
sanded down to a fine mist I want to I
want a whole packet of tic tacs which
has been individually licked by scarlet
Johansen I want Lily Allen's breast milk
[Laughter]
it's a reference to an old urban legend
oh yeah there was there was a supposedly
there was this hotel in London that was
so had such a good concierge that would
give you anything
apparently some rich dude went there and
said I want Lily on this Ellen's breast
milk and supposedly they got a form I
wonder how much that fucking cost just
fucking skim milk with the thing that's
it Lily Allen's breast milk on it maybe
he's just like national do I wonder if
it makes things taste bitter what breast
milk no Lily Ellen's breast milk Oh
why her who is she she's a musician
really yeah how does she do was it was
one of her top songs she from the UK
yeah yeah very poppy the nation's breast
milk like poppy but not stereotypical
poppy I guess yes man I like her would
used to drink her breast milk oh I mean
I drink anything she's a great
okay let's move on anyway why did you
put the skittles in the thing in the
boss water just to see what happen well
I mean you know some people put skittles
in vodka to flavor the vodka this is
I'll see what it tastes like with water
I figured I figured that your idea was
you're gonna have all these multicolored
skittles sitting at the bottom and then
each color is gonna individually rise
and make this beautiful little Cup but I
just ended up turning into like what it
looks like Asli it looks like vomit and
piss yeah and there's a layer of this
weird
solid foamy stuff and when you drink it
it like rubs against it it's disgusting
it's like pulp skittle poem fuck yeah
it's healthy drink the rainbow Toby it
looks gross emoji all right a fucking
drink you'd be like what the fuck
initially tastes like orange juice and
then you are greeted with an aftertaste
which is just a variety of skittles
flavors anyway another thing to mention
patreon the employee the month is now
open we are going to have to retire
Queen Molly until we find a new person
well no chance that it might not be open
by the time we released this book that
is true but if it if it's still up and
give it a peep if you're interested I'm
reminded of what they do Employee of the
Month gets their photo on the podcast
set in the entirety of the time that
they are that person which is a month
this is you know you could put any
picture doesn't have to be a photo of
you it could be anything but for now
this is gonna be Queen Molly's Lance to
run on this podcast till we get a new
employee of the month
oh well bye Molly it's been fun can I
just say really quick before we move on
that I I'm sorry to all the audio
listeners I I know that I've given you
guys a hard time in the past but I
actually really value you guys a lot the
reason I'm saying this is because our
trash fucking subreddit keeps memeing it
because like they're just like I want to
bring this up again I'm gonna get into
this go for it our subreddit fucking
sucks ass yeah major ass dude it's the
worst
there's they just fucking our trash so
it still sucks it was for a little bit
after I insulted them it got like a
little better and then like I think like
all the good meemers gay
because just do you guys replied on it I
do yeah comments I have a ready to grab
your British name Fitz it's good guy
Fitz okay so they would know it was you
yeah it's like a tag that's my one sucks
my written name I don't even know what
it is cuz Tokyo Mattel is taken mmm-hmm
sucks to be you
so I don't reply to stuff the way our
seperate it sucks so if you want to
check out our slash misfits and improve
it please well we need to be like giving
them content and templates and you know
things that they can make memes and what
we have to do everything
that's very true as well you know we got
a green screen here we could just film a
couple or fucking none say that they're
gonna expect it
no fuck you you're right you're right no
there hasn't been a lot to work with
recently which is fair enough however
they still trash but you know just
choked on his uh on his gamer subs there
squeaking he's very squeaking you okay
yeah be careful you know I was playing
um take it with the J flat the other
week and a few other with the guys and
he took a sip of his Pepsi towards the
end of it and he actually almost fucking
died on stream like he he was coughing
for like 30 minutes oh we should like we
thought it was a bit because he flat
tends to do these brands where there's
Drakon but no he was actually really
really like struggling most of really
inhale ban Pepsi yeah for the next hour
on his stream he was like trying to
continue but he just kept coughing and
emergency just had the end have so sad
yeah it's really really sad what
happened this weekend guys let's talk
about it this weekend we did Meo we had
the big Melbourne Eastbourne show open
that was a lot of fun into meeting
greats to meet and greets each going for
around three hours sitting down at a
table signing autographs saying good day
shaking about 300 people's hands and
then applying a lot of hand sanitizer
okay no need to be rude about it's not
rude yeah I hope that they fucking wash
their hands after meet-and-greet after
why yeah if you're fucking shaky mind
because you know I'm shaking like a
couple hundred people's hands yeah
that's true
you know that's a lot of germs hello if
they have tuberculosis TB or herpes or
what No
for youtubers events that notorious for
getting sick because you're just around
so many sweaty gamers and they're all
sweating on you and you know shaking
your hand and spit in your eyes and
stuff yeah they're really indecent
people we got I love getting spat on the
best it was before the before the first
meet-and-greet
we went to the borderlands booth for
Borderlands 3 mmm me and Fitz sat down
and played a bit of Borderlands really
really enjoyed it it was really good
good guys over 2k I hit us up for it and
while we were sitting down we were just
gonna you know we just played the demo
and this guy from JB hi-fi wearing a
chain and baby - is it electronic store
pairen new zealand and australia for
anyone who isn't from there yeah they
were there was they were once sponsoring
Meo they were doing sponsored sponsored
thing for it so this guy that I guess
worked for JB hi-fi was doing interviews
and he was just a fucking character he
just comes up history in a wig on
gameplay it was basically blond doctor
disrespect yeah very 80s looking
character it was it was a fucking pretty
funny interview have you seen that video
like where did I even go I don't think
they usually go anywhere cuz he swore so
yeah we all I said can we swear and he
was like sure and I was like fuck yeah
you know like who knows maybe they're
still editing it and I was alive it was
live woulda been ladies because they'll
walk around asking people like hey
Jordan be in an interview and like
everyone in that room was like no no
thank you I'm okay these events are
always very weird cuz we don't really
know what's happening on the day he's
gonna show up yeah it feels very like it
feels very disorganized we arrived and
we were like we thought we're going
straight to the meet-and-greet and then
we will lead to the board lens booth and
be like oh okay this is happening
yeah what's very funny and we're just
like it's just one of those days we just
have a whole bunch of stuff thrown at
you you just follow Ryan everywhere
around by security and then you it's all
improv and you meet him but get million
fucking people and you go back to your
little backstage thing and then you go
home I know it's very interesting but no
it was a lot of fun regardless if you
source any media it was very very nice
to see you
I genuinely really enjoy doing the meet
and greets Sam it's a
a lot of fun a kid in the what jacket it
was a colony log many lie he was an
amend you like jacket it was so
wholesome mmm-hmm what happened so
basically I'm pretty sure the story was
he went to the line by and gone all of
our signatures besides Mason cuz he had
to go to the bathroom and when he saw
Mason come back in this kid must have
been nine or ten he was pretty young and
too young for so he goes ahead and you
know he tries going back into the line
like trying to cut the line just to say
hi to Mason shake his hand get his
autograph or whatever and then you know
I think it in for Sharon Mason Mason
said yet come here yeah so he went under
the fence thing and went to go say hi to
Mason after Mason told him to and then
the security guard was like oh yeah
amazing a storm there and he was like
yeah fuck it was like come along yeah
security like security grabbed him
pretty much took him out so the kid was
really upset spear tackled yeah and then
so what happened was he was really upset
I think there were a couple of tears at
that point we'd finished up the
meet-and-greet and then we're gonna do a
big group photo so we were on top of the
stage we had every one of the beat and
greet just chilling out below us and the
kid in the mini lock jacket comes out
because you know tears in his eyes we're
all signing his jacket and he was you
know I'm up on the stage yeah right
green jacket yeah and we you know he
hugged everybody it was super awesome so
nice yes still crying brother yeah you
still see tears rolling down his cheeks
it was so cute but then I is mom
actually said that was it his brother
was no no you know what about the DM
know his dad DM does oh really
yeah and thanked us for being so like
nice to him and stuff and then for sure
else who said also I wasn't aware what
kind of content you guys are doing so
he's gonna moderate yeah what his kid
watches which is a good thing also
invited us to he said if you're ever out
in wherever he said on a Sunday night
come everything with us yeah that's very
sweet
look at his house yeah cook it cheeki
dinner hilarious vlog it I
I could use a home-cooked meal to be
honest it'll be menu lock no it was very
fun though it was a very fun day and
yeah it was very nice to meet all of you
guys
however I believe there was some kind of
party on the Saturday yes so yes I was I
was I was hanging out with Ryan and I
was like oh I'm gonna go meet Oasis soon
another streamer and Ryan goes oh oh a
sis's with loser fruit and loser firts
coming to the party tonight so you'll
probably see it as oh there's a party
tonight
he goes yeah at your house and I was
like a party at my house tonight that I
had no idea of and he was like yep so
those I added I could have sworn that
you would have known about it
I had no idea interesting okay well I it
was still a lot of fun we all ended up
coming back from Meo was on the Sunday
invited it was like maybe thirty fucking
people it was a lot of people over 30
about that much I don't know man the
most people has ever been in my house
you know it's like there had to be
people upstairs you know because there's
too crowded downstairs there's a lot of
people outside people were everywhere
they're all drinking those that many
that's probably more than 30 probably
like 50 to 100 no it was probably was
probably a lot of people probably it was
probably thirty yeah but we were a panic
like sardines it's just that every room
probably had around five to ten people
in it you know okay every major area but
yeah everyone was drinking we were
getting really fucked up shots fucking
lot of marijuana we were all we were all
having a good time you know it was
pretty it was pretty standard man but
after the party like the fucking the the
floor was completely covered in just
layer of beer and sticky alcohol yeah it
was just you know you step anywhere any
scope you know it was pretty gross we
had a we had it cleaned
the next day I think it was because we
were at ne-yo and and I tell Ryan I was
like hey you think you know Chris and
Manuel could come over the two guys
interns who work for us good you think
they could come over and clean that you
know clean the house and he's like no
they don't work Sundays he's like well
can you call someone can we please get
somebody because I don't want
like being that state for more than 24
hours News layout can we can call
someone and if we throw a fucking yeah
yeah well I didn't fucking organize a
party that was all on him I said yeah
it's okay as long as it's clean you know
as long as she's all taken care of and
nothing gets broken and die so you know
I end up going back after the second
Meetup
and there's just one guy cleaning up the
entire mess yeah apparently Ryan Ryan
put that he like put the message out
like hey we're looking for a cleaner to
clean this party up and Ryan was like
I'll give you this much money and it
goes like no that's way too much money
I'll take like way less so he I think he
said I'll do it for a third of that
price and then he got to the house and
he texted Ryan who was like he was like
must have been one hell of a party huh I
think Ryan was like yeah no I'll give
you the money I told you I'll give you
the stuff yeah good I didn't even see
the wreckage oh it was really fucked the
entire floor in the kitchen going out to
the patio was completely like brown and
black someone's spillage I because
everyone was fucked up you know people
are knocking over beers you know I think
there was like three shattered glass
bottles outside this shit that was just
knocked over dudes just alcohol and soda
everywhere there was any particular
stories from the night that stood out to
you or none that I could probably talk
about on the podcast don't say names I'm
we got somebody to hit a bong that
normally doesn't hit bongs okay which
was really fun and interesting what else
fucking interesting happened dude I mean
an area podcast editor Mitchell get
absolutely oh my god yeah he got he got
pretty pretty retarded he drank a live
he drank a lot of alcohol and as well as
that smoked a lot of weed and yeah he
was he was kind of a mess he was like
Mitchell somewhere around here and I
don't want to I don't want to rant him
out it was a bit embarrassing for him I
I think yeah there's nothing worse than
getting like embarrassingly drunk oh
yeah he was sure he was just very he was
off guilty like couldn't walk couldn't
stand he was just leaning on everybody
you know he's getting he was getting
very emotional and you just lie down and
we had a big bowl of cashews mixed
assorted nuts on our on a coffee table
near the couch she was lying down the
couch and he was like I gotta throw up
and so someone thought very quickly took
the bowl of nuts and just fucking poured
it out onto the table and then and then
gave it to him to throw up in and there
was just a fucking giant glass bowl of
puke
yeah he's chillin on the couch Roger
that time when Ryan you know was really
weird for me because I didn't go to the
party I just said go to the office I was
pretty tired but I was sitting there
like I think I was you know playing
games with spot or something and I was I
just had Twitter on my second monitor
and it was so funny just seeing shit
come up it was really weird seeing
should come up and to be a photo from
someone like a tweet from someone that I
don't know very well I don't know what
all and it'll be a photo at my house it
was such a bizarre experience because
you know there were people that like
there were industry people or something
who yeah I might have seen or being
introduced to but I don't know them at
all right and then all of a sudden
they're taking photos at my house it was
so such a strange experience
yeah it really was it was weird having a
lot of people over one of my main
concerns was privacy like I didn't want
people taking pictures like going into
rooms and taking fucking pictures so all
there was there in my room when I went
home all the two days later all the
bedrooms were like for the most part I
think the only reason we opened your
bedroom up was so people could use the
ensuite and just go to the bathroom cuz
you know if Mitchell is throwing up in
the downstairs bathroom for two hours
and there's only one other upstairs
bathroom and then you know there's 20
people that are drinking alcohol which
is a diuretic which makes you piss then
about your ensuite I all the people use
it I had a lot of people coming in and
out of my room I had my valve index set
up with Pavlov loaded so I would just go
downstairs get a lot of people really
really stoned then bring them bring them
upstairs and have them tried the index
the mostess why a shit dude they were
they were like dude this is fucking
amazing this is so cool thanks for
showing me I'm like yeah mm-hmm goddamn
right fucking named axis sink you should
get it
[Laughter]
those things so I got secretly works for
the valve I wish I wish I wish they had
me fuckin contracted as a salesman
speaking of games you wanted to talk
about cuber hold again yes dude while I
was at that party well I was at a party
I got a fucking ping on my on my phone I
was always saying I look at it fucking
new Olay the the developer of cube world
you fuckin tweeted out a 16-minute new
gameplay of oh my god dude good yeah it
looked really awesome I mean I was
fuckin blind drunk when I died I
literally sprinted up the stairs I
hopped off the couch and sprinted
upstairs close my door and I just
watched the video do you think part of
it is nostalgia like oh no because I'm
the lying it seems like a pretty man no
no I remember it was a shit game in its
current state
I was really hyped for it when I was
young and I was like this game is not
living up to his potential there was not
a lot of substance at all yeah I played
it for four days and then realize that
there was nothing more to it and it was
just practically attacked em I was
practically just attacked Emma I kind of
feel like it's always just gonna feel
like it kind of shitty I have used the
wild have you have you seen the new game
play yeah yeah it looks really fucking
good I really I really want to play it I
will I mean when it drops dude don't get
me wrong I'm gonna be fucking playing
that shit yeah I just I just hope it's
not a complete disappointment cuz then
oh man I'm just good it's like well then
I could at least put it to rest yeah I
could at least get some closure you
really need closure really any closure
on this one it's been it's six years of
this open book I don't think we're ever
gonna get the funding to be obsessed
with something for that long dude you
just don't understand you just don't
understand Toby you don't you just you
don't fucking get it
nobody fucking gets it no because
ridiculous it's not ridiculous you don't
understand you just don't understand
you play Daisy on stream the other day
right yeah what do you think it's
alright on the moderate service mm-hmm
and on the moderate service is just like
like ARMA 2 epoch that sort of shit you
know it's like ya got traitors you know
everything's pretty straightforward if
you just want like gunplay that's pretty
fun me
swagger played along stream the other
week and I ran into a lot of technical
difficulties towards the end we met
these two people in this moreover one of
the guys and like they literally just
like I think there were cigars that they
had in the game it was like pertaining
it was weed and he was like posses like
weed cigars and hmm you could see
yourself in game like smoking the
swagger pretended to get extremely
fucking high and then we found out the
guys spoke Spanish and speak Spanish -
woman come oyster baby girl before you
guys got here today I was playing Daisy
with two friends and we were just
sitting in the trade area like fucking
with people and it was heaps of fun it
just reminded me of like you know you
classic armor roleplay servers and stuff
we were just messing around and you know
doing the emotes and stuff you know
speaking of the drug thing though Daisy
was gonna be banned in Australia I heard
about that because ever happened to that
bohemia' was like we'll just take drugs
out I don't know if the Australian
government is like oh you got drugs in
your game you can't do that you know i
okay but we'll take them on a bunch of
fucking pussies there's a bunch of weird
there were so many dinosaurs in the
Australian government I think there's
like dinosaurs in every government I
think like once you get past the age of
like 65 you should just not be allowed
to fucking go in the government or have
an opinion in jail yeah fucking boomers
get out of here term limits are let I
think they should be fuckin term limits
for everything what do you mean like you
know to be president for eight years
yeah president there's two terms what
you're going to me stick way to that the
fucking Aussie government works they
were irrelevant but the American
government how it goes with the Senate
now and all that shit there's like no
there's no term limits they could run as
many times they want and just have an
entire career of being corrupt fucking
dinosaurs getting and getting money I
feel like it's probably better to be
irrelevant than be relevant in the way
the American government is
I like the line let's get off the sticks
before we slip into a whole fuckin I
hate politics man yeah they're annoying
it sucks because I know I have to pay
attention to it it's like it's like
Adult School so I thought I was done
with things that I had to pay attention
to that I don't like you know in
Australia you get fined if you don't
vote that's bullshit that is bullshit is
bullshit you should have the right to
not vote yeah yeah it's freedom mmm in
America you can use not vote yes what
although I guess like I don't know it's
like if no one fucking votes than what
happens yeah I mean the argument against
not voting is I mean the argument for
not voting is like you know I don't want
to vote if I don't agree with anyone but
then it's like well you have you're
gonna agree to some extent with someone
you're just too lazy to properly
research it that's why you're not
wanting to vote yeah there's an argument
there for sure yeah I think this is
definitely like merits to both arguments
yeah all right that's it I'm running for
president really no fuck the attitude
reversing Kanye dude your your fucking
whenever you the president your hair
just goes white in two years yeah but
you silver fox is a lit they get all the
babes especially and president silver
foxes I want to get I want to get like a
white stripe when I'm all then when I
get like a grey stripe going down the
left and right in my air I think it'll
look sick stop talking
they either be in the prison is like
being the worst social-media influencer
ever dude I'd have so much fun dude I'd
be the shit poster in chief if he's so
light people would hate you talk to
trump it would be so great I wish the
White House had a Twitter account like
the windes Twitter account just is
constantly roasting people yes they
retweeting China with like little
quitters and stuff that'd be amazing
that would be the best it's gonna be the
evolution of humanity everything just
goes into irony even the things they
should be serious all the all the
fucking Millennials you're gonna grow up
and be like this is our sense of humor
and then everything's just not gonna
make any fucking sense
yeah we're gonna end and you could
another country in place fucking prank
bro has there ever been a generation of
people that is so like besieged by the
power of irony than this one
I don't know dude it's so weird the the
fucking way they'd like humor has you
belong through the
he's been resting because you know back
in like 2005 it was like it was fucking
meme templates with like the black
border with the white tanks of the
bottom you know or it was like literally
it's like I Can Has Cheezburger like the
fucking cat shit is like the black and
white of memes yeah you know now it's
just like bass boosted distorted deep
fried dank memes yeah or or it's a photo
that means nothing if you don't know
what it what it is yeah well the problem
is that things like memes are dis
hyperaccelerated nowadays because anyone
who's involved in meme culture like
memes get older than two days at least
for me I think that like being like a
social media person or a person who has
a YouTube channel that's comedy
we're like exposed to this shit all the
time and our Twitter mentions and like
on reddit or whatever so we kind of like
on the forefront of like what's hot in
terms of Internet humor yeah and so like
we see shit and then it immediately
becomes like old and then what's the
next shit like and who's coming up with
this shit literally count like Uganda
knuckles big chunga's fuckin moth and
lamp oh my god nobody literally nobody
stop with the nobody shit it's like it's
just the weirdest little cycle because
you think back to those memes and you
just kind understand how anyone found
them funny yeah yeah yeah it's like it's
only hot for like a week and it's like
sorry some of the memes can run about a
month I think fucking Uganda knuckles
went on for like three months but often
that's because people don't accept that
it's over and people keep going but like
on mass it is over yeah yeah like like
to anyone who's in the know or on the
forefront it was it was over like two
weeks ago you know what I mean yeah
what's the latest meme they think if his
died you think it's just completely gone
oh good question um fuck I don't keep up
with me I actually can't think of
anything off the top of my head I really
wonder what future memes like I'm
talking generationally like what what
will the next generation memes be like
our children what will they look at it's
gonna be like pop-up ads but they're
just memes
although all the Millennials just go to
straight into marketing and they're like
we gotta pay out of nowhere yeah I
wonder if it'll ever swing back because
like the Internet I don't think we'll
allow it because like you think back to
like the 60s humor back then was
basically like you know at the 60s it
was normal for people to have like jokes
memorized so they could tell them at
dinner parties
ya know comedy work those I got this
great one and then it's like a
five-minute joke anyone has the
attention span for it and then everyone
laughs and then they go home and
whatever nowadays right like right
nowadays it's like so different because
it's just like oh you already saw that
all right you saw it on reddit yari so
yeah and no one has a long attention
span anymore no days there's like
there's very little like Helen of jokes
and more just like oh you see that video
do you see that man right you see this
like reaction image yeah exactly it's
never like I'd noticed this earlier
today actually I was like I had a video
and I wanted to see if people my discord
Cena and instead of going oh you should
watch this it's like you've seen this
right you just assume everyone's saying
all the same irrelevant shit yeah and
usually it I have yeah and it's very
interesting how like you feel good when
you share a mean with someone that they
haven't seen any wave laughs even though
it's not yours it's just you're sharing
this it's like oh look I found this on
the internet using my detective skills I
saw this video like check it out and
they don't like the video you feel bad
like no they don't like the video that I
like I mean I'm kind of weird you're
under those memes fits where it's like
like that one Twitter account they just
posts nonsense like just absolute
nonsense what do you mean what was that
one Twitter account you showed me and it
was just like shit they just made no
sense in light call me Carson no no
there's been a while ago you showed me
this Twitter account
it was just saying like some random
crazy shit about sex I don't think it
was a bad sense like the like it was
almost like it was a foreigner or a
child trying to speak I love that kind
of stuff because it's like just drenched
and like satire yeah it's it is and you
always send me the fucking like those
cursed images this fucking like this
shit that's just like retarded yeah I
remember when you used to tweet the
fucking crab brave shit and it was like
my mom's dead
[Applause]
that era dude that's actually my
favorite era of memes it was funny it's
totally good it kind of originated from
the subreddit called our slash okay
buddy retard yes that one yeah which is
just like it's literally just kids on
the internet just like taking taking
comedy - is it - it's complete extreme
the point where it's really not even
funny anymore but if you sort by top of
all-time
I was just dying of lobster looking at
the shit and it's like it doesn't make
any sense but it's funny because it's
just it's taking the piss out of the
culture you know wait what sort of shit
is it like I don't know man like it's
really fucking hard you saw what was it
one for example where it was like this
guy's making an edit and then he gets a
text and he goes to the tax it goes hey
like we have information about your
parents that were in the plane crash
they might still be alive and then he
replies with okay hang on though I'm
making a Twitter video and then and then
it's like Thanos or there's the Hulk
smashing Loki with a fucking like cheesy
boring sound effect like a big part of
the memes comes from like that that will
make sense if you see it a big part of
it is taking something really fucking
dark and disturbing and just like you
know making it completely fucking
hilarious hilarious and making light of
it you know what loves that tik-tok
really tick tock is like there's it
seems like most of their like tick tock
cringe complet will tick tock
compilations and shit it's like ironic
dank like 50% of the shit and those and
those compilations will be like someone
talking about how their dad's dead but
like whoa dancing yeah that's that's
kind of like what this is it's like this
crying wall with one of my favorites is
there's this it's like a smiley like a
traditional emoji movie looking like
smiley face doing a thumbs up like the
most Boomer yeah emoji ever with like
royalty happy music you like done done
done and like that goes up like five
seconds and in like some text pops hope
this is like my dad died in the Iraq war
and it's just funny because like it just
you don't expect dark turn cuz you're in
this little happy place mm-hmm I don't
know I mean that's kind of like the
humor I mean yeah I remember when you
tweeted shit by then I did find a
fucking funny it's just like it's just
like you know obviously it's dumb yeah
totally
ignorant
shit that makes me chortle you just
makes me go like well slam I think the
reason is because like the root of so
much comedy is averting people's
expectations yeah and that's like a very
blunt and how would you say like
unrefined way of doing that which kind
of makes it funnier in a lot of ways I
was talking today on stream actually
about how like about offensive humour
and about like why I feel so comfortable
making like racist jokes or offensive
jokes and I think the reason is well
part of its because we grew up in New
Zealand which isn't a very racist
country and like the idea of actually
being racist to me is like fucking
hysterical
yeah you shall not imagine actually
being racist like New Zealand is like a
very diverse country it has so many
people in place for people to migrate
their lives to yes so like there's so
many different cultures there that you
know never really come across races like
all through school we were growing up
with like Asian kids like African kids
like Maori kids
Shaymin same in the u.s. I mean you know
I just think it's personally stupid to
just blanket an entire you know the
group of people as being you know bad or
whatever sure it's all about individuals
fundamentally like particularly yeah
it's really stupid it's a shoe judgment
and and judge somebody without even
speaking to them yeah you know you never
know if someone's good or bad you know
if they're a fucking asshole if they're
sick exactly have to talk to them and so
whenever we're making like racist jokes
or we're taking the piss out of some
tragedy that happened a long time ago
9/11 we're really just laughing at like
people who would actually do that
seriously I guess it's kind of like what
it is it's like I can't believe like you
actually I don't know I mean it's very
obvious where the line is in terms of
you know oh yeah that's just a joke but
you know because it's not like we're
fucking pulling a Kramer on stage that
wasn't he wasn't well he probably in as
mine thought maybe somewhere he was
being funny are you sure yeah a lot of
people who may not know about the Kramer
yeah it's been a long time ago Kramer is
a character on Seinfeld which is a
classic TV show you can most you
heard of him hopefully fuckin
thirteen-year-olds and the actor who
played Kramer I was the show still
running when he did this it was um I
think it might have been over the show
was over and he decided to get into
stand-up comedy and like he got heckled
in the crowd by a blank by a black man
and he just went on this huge racist
like oh yeah he was he was screaming
where did this guy he said that back in
his day he would put a rope around his
neck and stick a fork in his ass it was
crazy fucked-up shit
Landis Lee races and you know there are
laughs in the audience but it's all
nervous all on video oh yeah Jim fucking
melt and ruin - that games funky Korean
there's no recovery there's no recovery
he has apologised obviously I think that
he was just had a nervous breakdown
onstage and like he was trying to
retaliate by roasting this guy but he
just went in on the wrong thing
[Laughter]
very interesting career move there by
girl Kramer yeah he's made his millions
though so I'm sure he's fine the line
between what would be a joke and what
would be racist well it's very you know
if we're making jokes about the n-word
past it's just it's such an obvious you
know Avenue then it's comedy and it's
for humor and it's not like legitimately
well the line is just what the intention
is first of all yeah
the execution is up to you of course
which is why I like you know my
philosophy is if you're going to be
racist
then you know it never do it for shock
however like you know obviously there's
a limit to this but if you try a racist
joke and it's not funny like I don't
think the person should necessarily be
crucified for that if it was obviously
their intention to make a joke it
happens like you sometimes you say
something he think it'll be funny and
it's not like obviously I think many
things in my recording sessions which
have been cut out the thing I've found
about like people that uh you know five
like five six seven years younger than
us you know like teenagers preteens sort
of age
is that they love shock humor oh yeah do
you think well yes it is just like I
loved it when I was a kid it's like I
mean but there are so many kids nowadays
that will literally just be like say the
n-word and that is enough of that as a
joke the joke the problem is like so
many people just instead of trying to
make a joke or try to be clever around
something that happens to be racist or
offensive or something it's not that
it's just being offensive is funny well
it's like when I was in the fucking
fifth grade you know if someone said
dick cock shitter fuck I was like you
know I thought it was the fucking most
hilarious joke in the world it was just
you know I was just fucking well that's
cuz they're young and they're just
poking at things they're like what
happens if I say that what happens if I
do this I guess the difference is now
they're doing it online yeah yeah I know
every I suppose you don't know how young
the person is or how old they're they
want to get into a college in their
front of a fucking Facebook group or
whatever and they then they said
horrific fucking shit to their friends
and the friends were saying horrific
shit back just because they were trying
to make each other laugh and not because
they had ill intentions if someone wants
to share that to the college then the
college could just be like not nope
denied no you're a terrible person
yeah it's interesting because obviously
like you should be able to say horrific
shit to your friends just for the sake
of it and just have a laugh about it
yeah cuz like I love having
conversations which are just like her so
much of our humor initially was just
having these long improvised fucked up
conversations about like abortion or
whatever the fuck touchy subjects as
though we were taking it seriously yeah
and then like it just escalates this
extreme yeah you know and then you know
I thought you're just joking you know
you just I think a lot of the jokes when
you're making these things that are racy
and really like treading the line is
that you could start where people are
like oh what's this guy doing what's
this guy talking about yeah and then you
keep progressing it so it goes even more
and more and more and more extreme to
the point where it's like if you don't
realize it's a joke
you're an idiot yeah you know of course
that's the beauty of comedy I just
watched a v-shape house new special
fucking would highly recommend and so
much of his comedy in particular and
also other great
like louis c.k bill burr lawmaker is
they take the audience to a place like
they'll begin the joke with a
controversial statement and everything
it's a little uncomfortable and you can
feel the tension and that tension is
exactly what makes the punch line better
towards the end because like somehow he
took this fucked up premise yeah and
made everyone laugh about it yeah it's
like it's like louis c.k of course you
shouldn't of course of course slavery is
bad yeah of course labor he's bad but
every great thing that was ever built
like everyone do the world we use was
built on the back of slaves yeah you
know like shit like that yeah and you
know that's the best fucking thing about
comedy is that everyone at that show
hopefully knows that they're in this
little bubble where yes entertaining
ridiculous just jokes while there's like
mastermind
you know who's worked like for years
probably on the special kind of guides
them through this yeah conversation yeah
and all the see you know the cause
comedy is so subjective it's like you
know how much can you really judge a
comedian because there might be you know
some someone might have a huge compare
orience with people that absolutely love
their jokes and just because you're
offended by it doesn't necessarily mean
they're not funny there's no funny to
you sure well yeah i mean like being a
comedian like an actual comedian like
what we do like obvious it's i think
it's a really noble thing to do and i
think that they're really really
important to society because they're the
only people that can get away with doing
this kind of shit you know like you
can't get away with doing this in the
workplace but these people can on this
platform it's kind of like the sacred
thing which is why makes me so furious
when people fuck with it yeah and
they're like assholes you're the you
know assholes one is censor comedy you
know you know fuck anyone who wants to
sense your comedy you're put comedians
away and all that shit you know i was
looking at a lot of stuff from Monty
Python back in the 60s you know they
they did some really fucking epic time
they did some really fucking pretty
messed up bits it was one shoot the poof
it was literally like it was like a skit
where they were trying to shoot a gay
guy
there was you know they did a lot of
political commentary I mean they did a
fuck ton of Hitler things dude you know
the Ministry of Silly Walks the the
whole fucking deal
mr. healthier how are you you know
fucking the you know and they shred that
line but no one was pissed off back then
there was such a lot of religious things
oh yeah fuck done you know I had a whole
movie bandit yeah well it's like
obviously sometimes the joke doesn't
land but that's okay like that's just a
failed joke it's not like they fucking
just because the joke is bad doesn't
mean they suddenly man what they said
yeah I mean it was important thing to
realize it's like yeah that's wrong with
comedy it's like how comedy is at the
moment if you do make a bad joke people
think is what you believe yeah people
that it just ends it gets taken out of
context mmm it's wild man yeah it's
fucking crazy I'm gonna hit up these
patreon questions cool what do we got
for the patreon Q&A; a couple questions
for our lovely patrons the first one is
from Maddie she says what is your
biggest or weirdest fear there's a
weight of fear boys man I kind of wish I
read that before we started cuz I
actually can't think of anything else
because my biggest fear in a cube world
will never come out I think I mean I
have a huge spider phobia really really
hate spiders fucking hated I have a huge
fear of open water being like in a plane
crash you're like I'm out I'm in the
ocean my boat sinks capsizes and I'm
just floating on top of the ocean I'd
want to drown I just want to drown
immediately I couldn't handle them
really you know it couldn't handle it
you know who knows the sharks fucking
circling are gonna come up and bite me
it's just that anxiety of waiting and
not knowing what's under me and seeing
nothing I think I would probably have
the same thing yeah I couldn't do that
use no ways one of my biggest fears
whenever I fucking fly over the the
Pacific to come here you know it's not
like a flying over the Atlantic where if
I do crash it's like okay cool
at least it's not the fucking Pacific
fuck the Pacific Ocean man that makes me
sweat shark-infested waters which really
isn't a big deal you know
but the tropical storms more so like
right you know the tides the fucking rip
current you fucked you're fucked
yeah they fucked up oh they're all the
fucking band
deserted islands the fucking go to and
if you land on those do just get eaten
by bugs the ocean truly is the hood of
the earth I just wanna say swag I said
he's got a huge arachnophobia when I was
18 I really wanted a pet tarantula oh
god I just I I always like he was such a
little edgy kid though when I would see
like we do not see like videos on
YouTube or something of people with pet
tarantula it's just like playing with
them I was like that looks sick I want
one have you figured that you had to
feed it live mice and that freaked you
out
that didn't freak me out you know as the
might've you know we do it when you were
going to America last I was talking to
right away I should just buy a pitcher
Angela really like 20 bucks they're
still considering it so cheap not my fun
games do don't squash they Bischoff
comes out of its cage yeah no that's the
thing that's the thing that's in that
freaks me out I'm like if I had a
tarantula or something and it was like
you know I knew it couldn't hurt me but
and I was and I physically took it out
of its cage I'd be fine with it but if I
walked into my room one day and it had
somehow got out that would freak me the
fuck out
it's like that was that's the thing that
makes me that makes me think I'll never
ever get one is because I'm like just
that fear of it getting out is yeah yeah
I went to Costa Rica when I was a child
and there's a lot of venomous spiders
there and it was terrifying going to
sleep in some of these like places
because you like will see them outside
on the walls and shit they're just
they're just part of the climate you
know they're not good I you know I gotta
go in and bite you in your sleep they
really have no reason to until that's me
at 9 years old yeah yeah I mean I mean
my dad got bitten the forehead by a
brown recluse would Jesus racist on the
forehead right here really the brown
recluse the venom eats away your flesh
and so you know he woke up huge spider
by pussy and fucking in fact he was up
with a fuck and and he just notices she
started like disintegrating his fucking
skin
and so he went to a doctor and guy gotta
check that he still has a little mark
here where they would think bit him but
yeah dude like that
fuck fuck spiders dude my god why when
my dad was here we were at dinner and we
were talking about like my dad spends
time in Australia and he he was telling
Swagger about it how like oh he found
what was a huntsman spider in his car
and it was like edit and it crawled into
the engine bay and he didn't know where
no no no it was a fucking funnel web
spider
oh yeah harmless right yeah yeah funnel
funnel webs of that funnel web he goes
yeah he's tall he's describing this
thing to be sure show me pictures of
your love show me patience is a thing
and it just looks fucking terrible looks
terrifying he goes yeah this is the
second most venomous spider in the world
but it's also the most aggressive spider
in the world and I was like that's not a
good combo he's like no yes he said he
said they're so aggressive that you know
they are the most venomous and also they
won't bite you once they'll just keep
fuck I don't and and they literally you
know the broader I one of these
co-workers who stabs the doctor Brian
brought the funnel web you know because
if they see them in the wild
I usually they try to catch them and
then bring them to the hospital so that
they can milk the venom for anti-venom
so he brought this fucking little
bastard in sets it down in the end he
goes here check this and he fucking taps
on the glass and the thing literally
runs towards his finger to trying to
bite it through the glass and he's
fucking going forward I'm like fuck that
he also said that luckily because they
are pretty common in Australia all the
ambulances carry and even anti-venom for
them which is pretty fucking cool so
like if you get better and you just call
an ambulance and they'll give it to you
in the ambulance that's how quick it is
so yeah I'm pretty sure one is for free
I don't know oh good to know
I don't know if I have a fear yeah like
a phobia like something I'm actually
scared off I I'm kind of a bitch in lots
of ways
I've talked to early on the podcast
about how like I hate horror movies
because I just run when they get creeped
out but I think that's just because I
live alone and I'm a pussy yeah I mean
like like obviously you know I would be
scared if I got tortured or something
like that yeah but like that
unpleasant forever yes it's not like an
underlying fear because like that
wouldn't happen you know I think like
one thing that I sometimes like to think
about is uh I'm terrified of like like
accidentally hitting someone with my car
or something like that all right we got
a match cuz what happen when I was a kid
I was playing on a playground once I say
kid I was probably more like 14 or
something like that just on this
playground goofing around and this
little girl maybe he was like six was up
on this like you know one of the taller
sections of the playground we're gonna
accidentally knocked her off and like
she landed and like knocked the wind out
of her and she was crying and the mother
does he went the fuck off of me it was a
complete mistake like I don't think I
could have been avoided it I didn't even
see her maybe I pushed that bitch but
the mother really liked it so very much
so like I just I feel terrible I was
trying to comfort her but she was like
really really bad wow what a bitch yeah
fucker it's like the motherly instincts
though of course no I don't actually
I'm just trying to explain how much it
added to like Mike feeling of guilt yeah
her Mendes guilt for like a whole week
after that and I think that now I just
couldn't imagine like hitting a child or
accidentally killing someone or you know
yeah it's like stuff like Mansell on it
would suck a lot of dick if I if I would
ever kill someone I'd hope it'd be on
purpose
oh god please like at least aim first
like with her no but for real like that
would probably seriously mess me up but
it's not like everyone it's like I think
about it like every time I'm in the car
yeah sometimes I'll be like oh yeah yeah
sure would suck so yeah I guess that's
kind of my yeah I really can't think of
something that like I think I promise
you nothing that they you think about
where you know usually go then would
really fucking sock if that happened or
who that's the thing that I really
really dislike yeah but like all things
that are just common like not a factual
phobia things like getting shot things
like a creepy clown come into my room at
night and slicing up my ankle
somebody that you know normal shit I've
never had a gun pointing at me but I
think that if anyone ever pointed a gun
me I'd fucking freak out my
actually shit my pants then like a long
gun to someone fucking points a fucking
shotgun from down the street at me I'd
shoot my fucking pants
oh yes Adam it's because like you know
their fingers on the trigger and at any
moment they can let it rip like a
fucking beyblade and just fucking
destroy me there's just next question we
had spoon SK saying what route do you
guys think civilization will take with
the growing rate of which no technology
is researched and utilized we've been
over this like we talk about this just
on the regular before I need to rate
that I have no idea what you just said
horns gonna get crazy
born wild sex robot wild artificial
wombs grow baby in tubes we had genetic
alteration in the womb
we got CRISPR technology curing cancer
but also we talked about once like the
idea of customizing your appearance
because these are an easier and plastic
surgery becoming more common and things
like that and genetic like designer
babies and Jim Joe Majan like lying down
and it was like a skin 3d printer so
like takes all your skin and away and
then like prints muscle on you and
prints skin on you they'll be crazy you
ever seen the movie Logan's Run no
really really good cult classic sci-fi
eighties movie I even been late
seventies really really really good it
was basically the the concept was it was
this civilization that was basically in
these giant geodesic domes and in all
these different sectors they all had
crystals on I think it was their left or
the right palm and it was and basically
like it would be a color based around
like your age and whenever it would
blink red that meant that your time was
up and then you had to do this like
cult-like ceremony where you ascend and
then and then die so that way the the
colony keeps like a constant like state
of you know like balance so people were
randomly chosen it was like this whole
religion and there are these people that
enforce it so people that have it blink
they would try to escape and and run and
one of the guys who's gonna force you
know tracks him down and kills them
his
starts to blink okay and you know he's
like now this must be a mistake like I'm
you know I'm not even 30 yet like they
had to die at 30 and you know this
partner is the one that starts hunting
him because he runs and it's this whole
fuckin thing like I said a parody of
that and but yeah he goes to I one of
the things was that he tried going to
his sector where there was a plastic
surgeon
but it was like you could literally
reconstruct your entire face to hide and
I think he was in like the middle of
doing that but then he fucking something
happened you should watch it one time
mm-hmm he was her in time no Justin
Timberlake movie well he's like the main
character I think it's Justin Timberlake
but the concept of the movie is like the
world is like overpopulated so instead
of getting money as payment everyone
gets time I know about this so like you
the rest they all have yeah you know
like zero years zero yeah David weeks a
culture in time better and they can like
exchange money by holding each other's
wrists and twisting mmm that like
transfer his time over to them I have
seen that yeah and there's a crease you
can see it wasn't alright Phil Masi oh
yeah so like what happens in the movie
is it's like this at the stylist not
spoiling anything but at the start of
the movie this guy goes out piggy goes
out drinking he's like on a day to day
job like literally day to day like he
gets a day paid every day yeah so he you
know he has no time extra and he's out
drinking and all of a sudden he comes
across this guy who's just buying
everyone drinks and he's like you know
this you shouldn't be you shouldn't be
here you shouldn't be throwing around
money like this you should be in the
high-class places you know someone will
kill you for that kind of time and
someone does try to kill him and Justin
Timberlake's character saves him like
and Cole's immunity and you know hides
him out for it for a day and then he
wakes up in the morning and the guy is
dead and Justin Timberlake all of a
sudden has all of his time because he
was a psych because the guy didn't want
it anymore he's effectively rich in this
yeah and like they have different they
call them time zones but it's basically
different sectors for different amounts
of wealth and you pay in it you know
it's a really interesting concept that
it's super busy I'd recommend
you'd like it a lot why should yeah it
makes me think of looper for some reason
every but you see that maybe I can't
remember shit about it and I'm not gonna
say anything about it I'm just saying no
but like yeah I mean you know this is a
crazy shit you never know man the next
10 to 20 years is gonna be pretty nuts I
mean we'll have colonies down the moon
probably by mid 2030s functioning
colonies you know ships going back and
forth probably have a base so that we
can go off from the moon to Mars
nah man shit I'm just very curious to
see what the climates like by that point
you know what I mean
probably behind hot as fuck I reckon
right
yeah like dangerously so I don't know
I'm on fire probably hurricane we'll
probably be able to take carbon dioxide
out of the atmosphere Bill Gates and I
think invested a lot of money into this
startup that basically processes co2
from the atmosphere and then it's - it
makes it pretty much stories it in
pellets carbon pellets and then they put
it underground or make fertilizer or or
like I it's almost like a protein powder
out of it well I think I think it's
might might be for like animal feed or
something like that but they're you know
they're pretty much taking all this
excess carbon which you know is the
fucking greenhouse gas or whatever and
then you know putting it back into the
ground where it belongs because we know
we're taking it from the ground yeah in
the form of oil putting it in the
atmosphere and so do the reverse and
it's fine but yeah so you know maybe you
know maybe they'll hopefully like thing
people 180 and people are trying to make
a robots that mimic photosynthesis in oh
man shit so you have all these
artificial trees everywhere
you know panels that are literally
taking co2 out but it's gonna be like
the Lorax
just imagine giant cities with panels on
the side they had taken the light
produce energy and oxygen and just take
co2 it's so crazy how the future
Humanity is so dependent on so many
people taking responsible career paths
and doing like literally the fucking
God's work you know what I'm saying like
gender studies yeah exactly know the
people like genuinely like like hyper
intelligent like motivated people who
are like dear to make the world a better
place
are so important to the future but also
like everyone else is super important to
the future as well like people people
like us who make jokes and do a podcast
I probably play a small part in like the
you know overall bigger picture of
humanity as well as you can not everyone
can be a fucking scientist and save the
planet no some people can you know can
tell jokes and make light of things and
that's important too and there's also
all the people who were great at the
jobs which keep things going as well
like the entire global economy is just
so fucking complicated and there's so
many like important layers so many
little leis dependency yeah it's like an
ogre it's an ecosystem man that's crazy
anyway this be the Joe Rogan experience
you guys what time is it that's I don't
know it's been over an hour all right
yeah sure we good and cool peace out
guys thank you very much later boys
later
hopefully he had a good experience let's
see you next week
