okay guys okay guys okay guys we are
rolling in to another episode of the
Candice Owens show and we are rolling
into another Candice Owens show today
without Candice as many of you know
Candice and George just got married last
weekend and we decided it might be a
good idea to give them the weekend off
so many of you have been asking for the
best of episodes from the last six
months of the Candice Owens show and we
compiled together our favorite minutes
for you to watch this weekend we hope
you enjoy it it's stay tuned because
next weekend we have a great episode
coming up I went to Chicago actually
when this whole conversation was
happening and I met with the police
precinct that actually is in the most
dangerous part of Chicago which I
believe is district 11 and everyone all
the police officers were black and I was
wondering how does this conversation
impact black police officers when you
just say that police officers are
targeting black Americans so what was
that like for you said it made it more
dangerous what do you mean by that well
because when you wear the badge in a
uniform it doesn't matter what color you
are they project that you are alike or
similar or you're in the same realm as
every police officer in the country so
african-american people Latino people
minorities used to target me and say I'm
a sellout and I'm a part of this
genocide against minorities so an aside
that is it strong what is it is they
which is ridiculous
because if you look at the stats
obviously we're not out just murdering
people for no reason
and doing things that a lot of people on
the Left I think try to project for
political gain in my opinion but for me
it was interesting to see that even
though I was black people would still
come against me as if I'm a traitor I'm
working for the other side per se okay
so you would stop someone and and they
would feel yeah they would Liberty tell
me I had a kid which was the stupidest
thing ever he was in a like an old
school money Carlo tinted out windows
and his registration of some was expired
ran his plate I didn't know who he was
right the tent was really GLE anyway I
couldn't you see in the car I pulled a
guy over
and heroes the window down he looks
Hispanic and he said you pulled me over
cuz I'm black I said I said bro quit
being stupid you know I told him as a
police officer I said man quit being
stupid I'm black what are you talking
about na you look Mexican are you trying
to promote it like somehow I'm supposed
to know that you're black with tinted
windows that's illegal
and I end up to be honest and upright in
the morning a warning for it
and because I want to prove the point
like even though you were being
belligerent and outrageous I'm gonna
correct you but then I'll give you a
warning
you know sense so you could so you know
that I'm a normal person in the human
too and hopefully that person learns the
next time they get pulled over but that
was residual that continued to happen
the same type of mannerisms from the
black community when I remember in the
WNBA started there was this woman
Cynthia Cooper who played on the Houston
I think they were the Houston Comets and
she was awesome she was awesome
but I remember thinking she would be a
scrub in the NBA United mean cookie
because she was still small women
generally are smaller she wasn't really
that fast compared to the way a fast man
is these are these are just biological
realities and they don't want us to be
able to talk about biological realities
I I don't like seeing those pictures
when I see a transact leet so a male to
female trans athlete joking a woman and
then I see the women on the left in the
women's March and that grew the
feminists defending that because they've
created this intersectional pyramid
where now trans is sort of above female
and Islam is above that and this is
about that and this is above that and
these are all competing interests you
cannot group people together by your
perceived oppressions which by the way
they're perceived oppressions they're
not real oppression if you live in the
United States of America in 2019
you are not oppressed you have every up
this is the great you are spoiled
freakin rotten and you know how you know
you're spoiling because you don't go
anywhere
none of these people go anywhere done
though they're still here leave I'm
going to can't go yeah Erica's great of
course yeah by the way did you read you
need to read this oh so Leo Dunn
understood an essay an open essay and I
want to say it might even vogue.com
don't quote me but she was she was
talking about her sex life she's always
talking where sex life I know and it's
not fun for
but I had to read it because I actually
just got care time we started being
sensitive it's time we started being now
offended it's time to restart it being
man we get in control or whether destiny
under fire because he's wearing Gucci
right now how much more offended can we
get how much more I would really you
know what we need to be more offended
that's we think the solution is to be
more offended oh gee Sambo black face
doesn't bother you excuse me it doesn't
bother you fuckface Sambo like Sambo
you don't know what the same boys I'm
gonna I'm gonna be completely honest
with you I think if a little kid wants
to dress up like jasmine and she and
because she idolizes her wants to be
Rihanna because she idolizes her we need
to stop teaching kids to be effect that
to be offensive I didn't know and this
is a true story I don't know why this is
either because my my parents are you
know they're on my left and they're
pretty uh they get offended easily I
didn't know a black face wasn't my
household and I grew up my grandpa who
grew up in 72 they never talked about
blackface for whatever reason the first
time I'll end up blackface it was his
kid Eric Schneider a white kids bright
bright blue eyes and like unbelievably
like ice blue eyes and for Halloween he
thought it would be really funny if he
painted himself from head to toe black
and um nicest kid ever like I mean that
couldn't harm a fly he thought I'd be
funny because he'd walk with hallways
and just his eyes would show so he
wasn't even going as a costumed black
person nothing so he goes through the
hallways and everyone's like oh my god
everybody in the school Erika Erika the
green is costume it's so scary blah blah
blah all sudden we find out third period
the Eric Schneider who couldn't harm a
fly got sent home and nobody knew why
right and the teachers and explained to
us in school what blackface was so we
actually are learning stuff that we've
gotten over already like right so that
wasn't in my conscious as a child right
and I learned it that I should be
offended teaching people that they
should be offended white go phenomenon I
genuinely don't understand it they hate
being white or do they just feel so good
when they yell at other white people for
blacks and Hispanics well and it shows
you the zero tolerance for for anti
black racism against white people
there's a writer named John O'Sullivan
who's a longtime editor for the National
Review and he said white racism exists
but it's social power is weak the social
power against it overwhelming
and that's what I see white people feel
guilty about slavery they feel guilty
about Jim Crow they really want black
people to do well but a lot of black
people don't perceive that they think
that they're out to get him LeBron James
once said before he went to st.
Vincent's st. Mary's is the high school
where he uh where he went for a while
Catholic school the first time you ever
been around white people he said I
thought white people hated us I thought
they were all against us and so I had
the same attitude against them he said
yeah until until he went up went to
Catholic school and realized they were
good white people but he assumed because
he had never been around white people
everything he'd read about white people
was that they were out to oppress black
people suppress all right said he said I
was shot when I found it wasn't true he
still kind of bears that a little bit he
the residual effects are a lot of victor
cretin he does a lot right and it's sad
because and I look I've been actually
very nice to him because I think that he
in other in other ways he's really good
for block 20 right married his high
school sweetheart he's an amazing father
and that stuff to me is the most
important he's in terms of leading by
example I think he really is but this is
a man that is so politically ignorant I
mean he knows absolutely nothing about
politics and yeah he tries to tell us
how we should vote or how we should feel
and remember when they cannot the Trump
for saying that LeBron James was stupid
anybody else watching or knew interview
yeah of those two it's hard to make Don
Lemon look look smart right it is hard
to make that lever look smart LeBron
James says well if your consensus is
that America is racist and xenophobic
homophobic and we need to undo
everything that we've done in America I
don't think you should be at the
forefront of it I don't think that
that's Islamophobic I don't think that
that's anything but common sense I'll
tell you something when I first heard to
that to Muslim woman were running for
Congress Rashidah Talib Anil Han Omar I
was so happy honestly I was so happy I
said now we will have Muslim women who
are going to you know be professional
and spread peace and show Americans that
there's more than just 9/11 to Islam
there's more than just care and more
than Qatar we are going to bridge
between Americans and the Muslim people
because that's what any sense of
Muslim would do the first thing is you
come in with your headscarf
and you want to show the world who you
are especially the US Congress you're
the focus of the global media and then
I'm like oh my god she sent it back
I wanted her well I thought that she was
going to be different from the
extremists she's exactly like them with
lipstick yeah that's what I call her
Isis with lipstick Wow
same ideology with lipstick yeah same
literally in her head same thing the US
forces that went to Somalia they're the
terrorists not the ones they fought no
they are the terrorists everything to do
with America
when she's speaking about al-qaeda she's
pissed off and angry at the university
lecturer who she says she took terrorism
classes she probably means
anti-terrorism classes her lecturer when
he mentions al-qaeda he mentioned that
in a very negative tone of Qaida right
Hezbollah and she was upset that he
never mentioned America with the same
attitude you know America as though
America is the real Satan right you know
and and this is the problem with Ilhan
Omar Ellen Omar is well not just
Ilhan all of the Islamists they are
using democracy but they don't believe
in democracy we're stay down of course
they don't believe in democracy even the
reformists the reformists who tell you
we are because we don't like Isis
because we believe in democracy that is
a delusion it's it's not right because a
Muslim has to believe and what the Quran
says and the Quran says you have to rule
and judge only by the Word of God there
is no separation of mosque and state in
Islam that's really well that's the
direction we're treading in right now
and in Western civilization and it is
nuts
yeah well the normal healthy family unit
is certainly not if it's not demonized
it's certainly not as celebrated and
promoted as your family is fully
demonized right now yeah yeah no I'd
agree with you if I'm trying to be a
little
mince my words don't worry I got you
don't worry we got the two different
approaches here so yeah and I think even
people who are more what one interesting
thing I'm finding both online and
offline you know I know a lot of people
who are atheists or secular or whatever
I'm having a lot of conversations and
even seeing on YouTube and whatever a
lot of people who previously were quite
staunch atheist even if it's even if
they're not becoming believers or
turning to God or anything I'm finding
that a lot of them are starting to
understand the sort of power and
importance of religion even if they
themselves don't believe they're
starting to be hmm as some of the things
are starting to fray around the edges
and morality is starting to become a lot
more subjective and reality itself is
starting to become a lot more subjective
and people are just kind of creating
their own individual worlds and trying
to force other people to accept them I'm
finding that I'm having conversations
with people who are like yeah I can I
can understand the value of this thing
like I don't necessarily believe it but
I can see how having that community and
umbrella for people to fall under it
gives you an answer to that you know the
meaning of life and what I find with a
lot of them I do find with you know a
lot of people who are atheists is that
they spend a lot of time and mental
energy almost looking for a replacement
for God and that becomes government and
that be can become government and
becomes ideology radical feminism that
becomes and I talk about that all the
time all the time and and and people
that have religious ties they are deeply
religious as a rule you know of course
there are exceptions tend to have just
more structure and more order in their
life your speech is the essence of your
freedom your speech is your ability to
think say be who you want to be I don't
want to give the government any ground
on that now then if you don't get the
government ground right on that and I'm
listening I'm playing devil's advocate
because I don't really know where I land
if you don't if you don't give it to the
government then you're giving the
freedom to the corporation's to ruin
people and I mean to to pleat completely
ruin people because some of these some
of these publications have so much power
instantly becomes the truth for people
oh I read it in the New York Times right
that's noble I run in the New York Times
therefore it must be a truth but it can
be completely fictitious and made-up as
we've learned with this presidency but
things can literally be made up out of
thin air and what about the little
people who can't defend themselves
against that who get deep platform and
don't have a job why should we allow
publications to murder the career wait
you're talking about you you're putting
together a bunch of different things
here okay first of all you know the New
York Times can't just lie about anybody
it can't just lie about an ordinary guy
who's walking by there's got to be a
public figure right now a public figure
can be a broad thing and even then if
you can show that they have malice
toward that figure or even towards his
ideas you can sue I mean you can bring
action against the New York Times now I
would prefer to live in a world where
the New York Times can call Donald Trump
a Russian spy which was virtually half
and it's complete non so I'll go to the
world it's complete nonsense and it's
good but he's the president he's got a
lot of power and I would like the press
to have as much power as he you know in
other words I would like them to be able
to say virtually anything about our
politicians and and so you want to be
careful when you start to say they can't
do this and they can't do that when you
start to talk about deep platforming
that's a totally different thing because
then you're talking about the power of a
corporation to limit free speech and I
hear a lot of right-wingers say well
it's a private corporation they can do
anything they want I don't agree with
that I think if you are a platform as
opposed to a publisher right if I'm a
publisher and I I can say I'm not gonna
publish canvas because I don't agree
with her I can say that if I'm a
platform I got to publish everybody the
phone company has to let everybody use
the phone right they can't say oh you
and I are talking we're taking you off
the phone cuz we don't like what you're
saying not Facebook should not be
allowed to do that either Google should
not be allowed to do that Twitter
announced they've got this idea that's
been pumped into their heads much of it
I have to say through the through the
college and university system where we
have very similar problems of both sides
of the problem with this but here's the
theory the theory is that the
nation-state existing leads to
nationalism nationalism do
he leads to extremism directly leads to
Nazism
directly leads to the Holocaust and
catastrophe and therefore what we have
to do is to abolish the nation-state and
abolish nationalism that's the theory
that's the lie that's the theory upon
which the whole of the European Union
actually is predicated and their desire
for that to become a bigger thing on the
global stage but they get something
wrong provided the nation-state is a
functioning democracy it doesn't go to
war and I've I've tried this around all
the left-wing universities in the UK and
a few in America what we talk about
nationalism and what it means I will say
this to them you give me an example you
can be one example of two mature
democracies mature functioning
democracies go into war with each other
there aren't any so provided so what we
should be what we should be pushing is
not abolishing nation-states and handing
power up to global bureaucracies what we
need to champion around the world is the
concept of democracy and where you've
got democracy you will have peace and
generally where you've got democracy you
will also have greater prosperity and
great living standards and that's the
bit they missed that's the part of the
theory that is wrong the lie as you call
it my father's parents were very poor
and they never went to government
assistance because in Jewish life there
was a word in Yiddish the Jewish German
language called Shanda fundament
embarrassments human shames yes it's a
Shanda to take money from non-jews that
was the theory we will only allow our
community to support our community to go
outside a community is shows a failure
of the community to take care of its own
there are wonderful I always tell my all
of my relatives virtually all Jewish
obviously my relatives and they're all
nearly all liberal and I say why don't
you just preach what you practice not
practice that is amazing I love that I
love that so you're right
in that regard I but I what I said with
macro you don't want a word from the
Jewish community about politics about
about how society should be run
Jews have bought into leftism and
liberalism and it's so painful to me as
a Jew well look they're whole I have I
have a whole set of reasons why it has
happened Jews identify right with Hitler
therefore a left must be good because
it's the opposite of Hitler it's not
just wrong it is simplistic beyond the
word it gives simplistic and new meaning
it's so stupid it's like saying this is
my analogy and it's a current issue of
the the big Israeli magazine The
Jerusalem report and you'll love it
Mathai ttle of the piece of that my
piece is what the Jews learn from the
Holocaust question mark nothing and it
is it is I'm gonna give this example so
let's say your father was crossing the
street and hit by a hit-and-run driver
coming from the right so you learn
whenever I cross the street I will
always look to the right that's pretty
stupid
that's what Jews have learned we'll only
look to the right for people who will
run us over
right but the people running us over
today are all from the left going what
I'm going through right now which I told
you I was gonna be a part of a panel of
LGBT conservatives I'm just talking
about how we came to be LGBT
conservatives we're gonna do it at the
LGBT Center of New York City and now
there was an up war a hole up were on
the Internet people I think this actress
from Grey's Anatomy tweeted about it and
people were complaining they were like
well you can't be at the center as an
LGBT conservative because this is our
safe space but you're telling me that as
a black gay man just because I'm a
conservative that I'm some threat to
other LGBT people when I speak my mind
at the LGBT Center which is crazy to me
that's supposed to be a safe haven for
all lesbians all gays young people yeah
but you have an ideological difference
yeah what is that ideological difference
that you can be a victor yes right you
don't have to be a victim all the time
that you that you can be in control of
your own destiny and instantly now
you're discriminated against
and in that is what I'm trying to tell
the younger LGBT generation so much is
that don't suck down the victimhood that
these people are trying to give you
because they only want to control you
they only want to feed you
misinformation so that you can continue
to vote Democrat and right now like some
of our legacy media like some of our out
magazine and The Advocate and all these
places these these are not outlets for
our community they are media arms of the
Democratic Party I've seen how they
twist and smear and misreport out
magazine did a piece on this event about
this controversy did not contact me for
a single quote it was completely one
side the media's owned by the left yes
and so I see that and I'm telling and I
saw how they jumped on Jessie Smalley
and how they completely misreported that
story from the beginning because they
wanted it to be true because if they're
live it allows them to gain power it
allows them to look like they're the
good guys but I in the same way that I
say that all of these black interest
groups like the n-double-a-cp
and these black leaders like Al Sharpton
and Jesse Jackson don't legitimately
care about black people at all but
they've made their money like you were
saying earlier they've made their money
so they have to make sure that the
victim narrative stays alive they never
want to get to a place where blacks and
whites are getting along in fact they
will make sure that we are never in a
space in this country or blacks and
whites are getting along similarly the
people that have made their money off of
real issues she has a child she's going
to allow the child to pick their gender
right so she's almost saying I don't
have a son I don't know what I have yet
but I'm going to find out and then it
almost becomes cool and then the
children start seeing it on the screens
the parents start thinking this makes me
a virtuous parent somehow and I can now
talk about how I let my children choose
their gender what is the impact that
that has on your child that's exactly
right I mean imagine you had anorexic
girls and they came to you a parent or
they came to their teacher and they said
I really feel fat call me fatty and that
and the legislature said alright you
have a right to be called fatty by
everyone in fact you have a right to
demand liposuction
and that is not how we treated anorexia
because we recognized it as a disorder
and something to deal with something to
give therapy to help someone get
comfortable in their body and get
comfortable with it with actually how
they were in and in many cases they
weren't fat they just had this bit
dysmorphia I had anorexia for five years
I didn't know that yeah I had in the REC
say for five years so this is definitely
hitting home in terms of I acknowledge
that this was something that wasn't
right right there's something wrong with
me not wrong with society I was viewing
myself not as somebody that was fat it
was actually for me a control mechanism
but you know I did not expect the world
to then around me get into line and see
the world through through you know my
eyes because my eyes were disrupted I
wasn't seeing things for what they are
and people don't cater to anorexic
in the same way that we don't have
people catering to people that have
schizophrenia
of course we acknowledge that there are
people that are schizophrenic but
imagine a world where society had to
bend to what that schizophrenic was
seeing or hearing it's it's a huge
problem because these girls are getting
its lifetime hormone dependency people
don't realize that they're setting
children up if they affirm this identity
and instead of trying to help the child
to get comfortable in their gender
identity they're sending them up for
lifetime dependency of hormones lifetime
they never get to go off them and
massive doses we have no idea what the
long-term effects are massive surgeries
that have major complications I have to
talk to I'm at this point I've talked to
dozens and dozens and dozens of parents
and experts so I'm writing a book on the
topic and I can tell you that this
surgeries lead to all kinds of
complications we've seen that with jazz
Jennings this is really radical and
experimental surgeries this is not
setting them up for a good life it's
very sad when you think about it because
that was I think a perfect example of
how victimhood is celebrated here and
that's a big big problem is is and
that's what you know what's going on at
the and I see what is there 22 deck and
'it's now that in the dental field I'm
like I'm trying to think okay how do you
I'm interested to see the debates or the
upcoming debates when they happen
because how are they distinguishing
themselves everyone sort of saying the
same thing America sucks everybody's
racist everybody says they vote for me
they're trying to out radicalize the
other yeah people should vote they
should be 16 years old and like year old
should vote they could pick their gender
why can't they pick their president
weather how you feel or whatever the
party I mean let's can we all agree if
you lose your right to society you
shouldn't have the right to vote myself
you know I that is radical I mean that
is that's radical we're lowering it to
16 you barely can drive or maybe and
then but the reason for that because you
listen my should be old I think they
should be older and I agree with you on
that I don't I think that it should be
older because I just think of how
politically ignorant I was because the
thing is is that until you start paying
bills right and still you're actually a
functioning member of society your
viewpoint on how society should be is
utopian it's a utopian concept of like
if you're asking three-year-old hey do
you think everything should be free you
should have to pay three Oh was gonna
say we should have everything should be
free and and that's really what they're
selling but you can't sell that to an
adult Alan's gonna have some questions
like wait a minute
right how can everything be free but a
16 year old who doesn't really have a
concept of how life works and they kind
of swiped their mom's credit card it
becomes easier to sell these concepts
the reality as traditional morality
isn't just traditional it's natural it's
how we're built that's how we're made
it's psychologically our desire for
commitment and love our desire for
someone who's not gonna just walk out
the next day that's built into us and as
women it's built into our bodies because
we can have bring life into the world
that takes nine months and then you've
got a child and that's 18 years so sex
is a big deal and it should be but the
sexual revolution upended that and said
it's not a big deal it's just a thing
you do whenever you want with whomever
it doesn't matter it's just some
pleasure for a moment and it's totally
up to you you make the rules right
there's no morality around sex except
you know don't rape maybe maybe that's
an even not we have a huge crisis with
that today right but there's no morality
around it it's really what you want it
to be and that's sexual revolution
agenda which hijacked the feminist
movement so then they're like well now
if you're feminists you're gonna be Pro
sex without any rules without any
responsibilities and who liked that
crazy men like Hugh Hefner that playboy
who wanted to sexualize women and sell
objective night and I know objectifying
them and doesn't make them happy I don't
happen I talk about this all the time I
say to people if you think that you are
a modern
like I refer my call that radicalize
feminism yeah as they see how they treat
people like you and I right who are
talking about oil issues but I always
say and they won't talk about this but
no they won't and they would never walk
they pretend when I walk away and I walk
away from a one-night stand and they're
fine there's no there's no there's no
shame there and and and they don't feel
happy about it and I have girlfriends
that make a living out of writing
writing about their sexual deeds with
men and I feel so sad for them I feel so
sad for them because I say it's not what
you want and it's not what men want and
yet you've convinced you've let a
society convince you if this is normal
to pen all of your bad dates all of your
bad sexual experiences because you
probably watch an episode of Carrie
Bradshaw and Sex in the City too young I
wanted to be like Carrie Bradshaw and I
did the first thing I ever want to do is
to be a journalist and we have this this
culture that says yes yes more of this
Instagram gives even more birth to this
for social media where I always say like
if you want to get a million followers
on Instagram take your top off do
something and say I'm empowered but so a
lot of this women don't know what
they're looking for anymore I think a
really good question to ask you is what
do men want in this day and age right
because what can I go I mean the
question because I've got all of these
more liberal girlfriends who are on
these dating apps and they're swiping
right and desperately by the way these
are these are the girls that would call
themselves feminists all they want is a
husband right what is what is the
purpose of all these girls being on
dating apps they're not going to sleep
with men they're hoping that he's the
one right that he's the one he's the one
they're swiping right and the question
now is that especially with feminism it
makes it hard for many women just have a
conversation about what it is they're
actually looking for women are not
looking for more sexual freedom that's a
myth I can tell you that the scam of
that the girls that are get to 26 and
don't have a partner are freaking out
it's a greatest scam that men ever
played on women we convinced them that
giving men free cheap easy sex with no
accountability at all was somehow
empowering and I don't know how we did
it
fellas you must be sorcerers to Emily
Ratajkowski is like I write I'm going to
to protest men by taking my top off she
really showed us
please stop beautiful model please stop
posting those nude photos on the
Internet oh no I can't take it anymore
pretend that women are all these victims
walking around we have no idea what
we're doing and we just were there at 3
I'm in the hotel room I can't stand it
so dishonest and and it's different
women and it makes our view of the world
just like they want us to be though
those deals he want us to be human veal
and they have reduced our view to a tiny
microcosm of the world and the world is
ours right no I'm if I could pick every
single day which I on the left you can't
you just pick her gender every day but
if I would choose every single day to be
a woman again I mean like I do not want
to be a man the men are out there
fighting the wars are the ones falling
off of groups and dying and nobody let
me there's like a meme on the internet
that says nobody calls a feminist when
there's an emergency it's like and it's
true you know and and seeing this this
anti masculinity is bad no masculinity
is great I love math I do too a shirt
that just says I love masculinity it's
me
I love man I got a bunch of them in my
family you know that I gave birth to on
top of being with but no I love men who
love women right a lot of men don't a
lot of women don't like women either
there's some truth right in there is
some truths but unfortunately when you
when you are starting to conflate
masculinity with rate which is what's
happening yeah like if you're masculine
then you're a predator no masculinity is
is the opposite of femininity and I like
being feminine and mentions like being
masculine masculine and they're it's
symbiotic and it's beautiful and it's
now being corrupted by this whole myth
of like the white privileged male
predator who's masculine it's a horrible
time to be a white male this was totally
obscured right so it's no longer just
about listening to survivor stories and
taking courage from their stories and
saying okay yeah I'm gonna stand up to
I'm gonna say something about what
happened to me too I'm gonna put those
guys on notice it became all men toxic
masculinity especially if you're a white
male in a position of power like
Kavanagh then we're not gonna believe
you at all
so you just lost all logic all credit
and I think you're right that's probably
where it was going from the very
beginning
it's unfortunate how many casualties
we've seen through it I do think that
there were some positive stories that
came out of it in some good that came
out of it I wish it could have come out
a different way than this feminist
tornado that we've seen yeah I'm not
sure I followed any of the positive
stories and maybe that's why because I
was just so in the trenches but what
particularly bothered me was the
conflation of terms right yeah it's like
people don't know the difference now
between rape right sexual assault yeah
and a bad date like a bad date like it's
really like it like a bad date where you
should be like you know what that was
kind of an awkward dinner a weird thing
at the end I'm gonna leave and that was
what was bothering me is that I actually
felt bad and this is totally bizarre and
I can't think of the university that the
young student went to but there was
there was a young woman who went out got
completely plastered and drunk and this
is the removal of personal
responsibility also bothers me go get
into that in a second and then the next
morning she woke up in the dorm of some
young man and she said like she remember
what happened and so she went to police
immediately and said that she was
sexually assaulted or raped and it turns
out they were able to look at all the
tapes and everything happened and she
was the aggressive one she took him back
and he was had over the other way
dismissed him from school right and I
don't know where it ended up now he
could be back in school but personally
bothered me about as I also felt bad for
her yeah they're now actively teaching
women yeah everything is rape right yeah
if you don't if you have a bad memory
like when I was in college and people
did that stuff it was like I got way too
drunk last night and they would reflect
and they would say I did something bad I
don't want to get out of my drink that
point anymore and they correct their
behavior only now for women it's we
can't do anything wrong no matter what
it's the fault of men our video on
social justice being cancer was one of
the ones that was listed as an example
of bad behavior sharing my videos on
Facebook so like I've talked about
behavior being shadow banned and stuff
and I think there's a lot of people on
the left or even some people on the
right maybe who think that's being
paranoid it's a conspiracy no this is
just it's real act yeah they're trying
to suppress conservative voices and you
know I love my free-market love my
libertarian buddies but if you don't
think that this is going to affect
elections you you
really need to look more closely not
only is it going to affect your
elections it's a direct response to an
election that they think was out of
there hey that's they think never should
have happened right there that should
never should have happened they're gonna
try their hardest to make sure it
doesn't happen again and you know I
think why the reason why I'm for small
government is because I fear
totalitarianism
I fear invasion of privacy I fear being
told what I can and cannot say I feel I
fear being the platform to be person
that's all bad coming from government
but it's not any more acceptable when it
comes to these social media Giants who
are run by like leftists in California
like how is that any any better so I
think you know conservatives who think
that social media censorship isn't a
problem or they don't like it but Oh
what are we gonna do I think they need
to wake up a little bit more and
understand and this is a very very real
threat how can conserve those win
elections if we can't even talk about
our ideas without being banned I don't
think when you ban Paul Joseph locks in
his 1.6 million followers go okay I
guess I'm a liberal but watching him for
pick five years but you know what I
think he radicalized me well fun
actually I'm just a liberal it only
makes them more encouraged to go out and
vote right right and that's what it does
to me right but it's it's absolutely
incredible going back to the media lying
about you I mean if you read your own
Wikipedia page I've read my own
Wikipedia page it's so horrific it's so
bad sly you wake up every morning and I
don't do it every day I'm not legal
maniac but you Google your own name in
Google News to see what the latest hit
pieces and it's just the complete 180 of
the person who you are so I read my own
Wikipedia page and it's like all right
conspiracy theorists I'm not all right
the premier premise of the alt-right is
the why ethno state I don't believe in
that I've never believed in that so I'm
not all right the OLT right hates me
they attack me I mean Google my name and
fortune and see what we all write things
about me and you as well as the same
thing but with the Wikipedia thing
conspiracy theorists okay
I hate conspiracy theories I think most
of them are really dumb that's why I
don't watch CNN because they are
conspiracy was a conspiracy theorists
when I was a kid like 15 years ago
that's where I came from so I know how
those ideas you take disparate bits of
information and fuse them together to
create a conspiracy that doesn't mean
that there aren't some conspiracies but
I know how they're created and I know
mentally how people are lulled into
believing them so now looking back on
what I did in the past I know that most
of them are dumb
so for that to still be my defining
characteristic yeah a conspiracy
theorist even though I know I hate
conspiracy theories is incredible it's
like with you with the with the social
what was the social and the social
sponge so crazy she's funny control the
first time I came across you and your
name was writing a hit piece about you
right yeah that's right you did you
wrote me some about me right when you
start I was a leftist no that was
actually back when I was more I was a
liberal and what happened
the Liberals I saw what the Liberals
were our firsthand that they were that
they were sort of crazy and it made me
more conservative you believe things in
the past which you've changed your mind
on and you don't believe now and that's
fine the left gets to do that all day
long
the problem is we won that's the problem
one what the game of Empire okay that
was the problem okay so you know in all
of human history up until this point all
civilized history was one one Empire
dominating another until various you
know and until they get overthrown in
the great sort of back and forth of
human civilization in the flow of power
or among people's and Fermi for most of
human history me the conquering force
was an Asian man with brown skin he came
in with a sword and he cut off the heads
of the people who posed in that's the
the the general you know if you're gonna
choose like an average Conqueror
throughout history that's what it looked
like but it was only towards sort of the
the end of the Middle Ages and onwards
where the Europeans actually started
developing a technological edge on their
international rivals and so the
Europeans ended up winning the game of
empire they ended up creating only had
finished with essentially the British
Empire being the last one standing and
as the world hegemon until world war ii
and now we assumed that the Westerners
we assumed that it was inevitable that
that was the case but it wasn't you know
it wasn't inevitable that was the case
and it was it was a lot of blood sweat
and tears and intense competition
between different peoples
and so they because we were the ones
left holding the ball at the end they
kind of assuming that well we were
always destined to be left holding the
ball at the end it was never gonna be
the Turks or the Chinese or someone else
I think that again is an innately
superiority Nate Liam supremacist
narrative you know the idea that it
could only have been the white people
right you know we it was it was always
up in the air you know we didn't know
how it was going to come down and it
wasn't due to a lack of respect for our
enemies that this was done it was it was
done because we respected the strength
and capability and power of these other
cultures that we had to fight so hard
for ourselves and so essentially there's
been a kind of hollowing out of the
moral legitimacy of the West because
we've looked around and said well I mean
we're not gonna say we're better than
these people are we well no we're just
one it's not the word bet on them it
just happened exactly and the color of
your skin which that you speak you just
won exactly exactly and it's a it's a
very very complex confluence of
circumstances that led to them losing
enough swimming and for millennia before
we were the ones who are losing you know
we you can you can look at the the
medieval expansion expansion of the
Islamic empires and say why okay you
know they're the superior race if modern
history had started there they'd be left
holding the ball and they'd be the ones
going oh god you know me are we actually
supremely they probably wouldn't care
actually they'll probably say well yes
that's true get used to it what is okay
what is something you do not necessarily
agree with but respect about each other
nonetheless well the the big
disagreement as you know that we've had
in our relationship oh we're doing this
well we can go there if you want bang a
big disagreement we've had is whether or
not guerrillas have so have eternal soul
okay and I think this is this is I'm
glad to invite the world and until we
can open early gorillas have souls
okay gorillas do not have she doesn't
think real sub souls I'm just I'm pretty
convinced that gorillas have souls I
don't know they look exactly like human
beings you see the videos online of them
like scrolling through Facebook and
Instagram now it's like how can you look
at that creature k.will are and that
recognize Nature has the stalkers are
sisters from a theological basis and I
would say that if you if you impart
soeul onto a gorilla you have to impart
a Solent or animals and I would say that
for animals we all know I say humans are
different from the rest of them but
they're not gorillas so you see in my in
your world I've defined about an
absolute I say that humans have souls
animals don't right and you could say
you could say we are animals but we are
different from every other animal which
is true we are because no other animal
has created what humanity has created
but I would say that your your your your
girl is a chance your your definition is
there's a gray area between the animal
kingdom so you in the in the Venn
diagram of love life where humans are
one circle and animals of the other
circle right you've got this overlap
where gorillas sit I mean yeah but rock
cos Robin Williams was friends with
gorillas I wash all I know so when they
sold the gorillas that matter then that
he died the gorillas cried it's like how
can you say queer was enough assault
we're gonna move on from it because it's
a it's it's a contentious issue I
respect your opinion but I disagree it's
a tragedy of biblical proportions what's
happened in Central America the these
migrants are coming up here and now that
and we had experts say today there's not
a mile of the northern Mexico for the
southern border with the United States
that's not controlled by cartels okay
the cartels have turned this into high
margin businesses big cash flow
businesses in fact drugs and opioids are
not as high as the human trafficking not
one person gets across there that is not
the cartels don't approve in fact they
had a presentation they say if you go
around the cartels they will kill you
some of these bodies you're finding of
where this was the Border Patrol said we
had Brandon Judd and Chris Crane from
ice Brandon Jefferson border patrol they
said and Hector Garza from the Laredo
sector
he said if you try to avoid the cartels
to get into the United States they will
kill you on the Mexican side you're
saying the people that are coming over
this border our cartel approved yes a
cartel good the cartels are basically
taking their money and that's how the
cartels have monopoly on it look we've
had people from Juarez come in thank you
sir villains fault the purpose of this
wall is to break the back of the cartels
there were 19 pairs up there that the
cartels were using in their business
model right
remember the cartels of what's have made
every town in America's a border town
it's just not El Centro and Nogales and
in Yuma in El Paso in Laredo it's the we
have a radio guys here from from North
Dakota every towns of border town in
Chicago a couple of years ago for the
first time since 1929 the Chicago Crime
Commission came out with a public enemy
number one the public enemy was El Chapo
because the drug wars in Chicago
those territory wars were being fought
by proxies for the big cartels in Mexico
the cartels are paramilitary operations
that have tremendously sophisticated
marketing sophisticated finance for this
sophisticated logistics and operations
nobody comes from Central America
through Mexico that is not paying money
to the cartels they have taken over a
lot I think in certain areas of this
country they've their operationalized as
the government what president Trump's I
think is adamant about about building
this wall is you begin to break the
backs of the cartels and we've seen from
people here in Juarez remember where as
went from a great border town the sister
city of El Paso to a crime infested I
think it's a 37th highest murder rate in
the world homicide rate that wasn't like
that years ago is when the cartels
started to take over to break the back
to the cartels you have to build a wall
I agree with you 100% I think some
people particularly on the Left would do
anything not to have Donald Trump ever
victory so the correct me if I'm wrong
so that accident happened because this
criminal was driving on the wrong side
of the road for like four miles
35 miles 35 the wrong way transitioned
on to four different freeways the wrong
way he was three times the legal limit
drawing high on meth and Bren was on an
HOV Lane that went up and elevated and
curved to transition onto another
freeway and that's where he was hit he
didn't see this he didn't see it coming
Wow that's unbelievable
the and the illegal was going over a
hundred miles an hour and when he
slammed on high
methamphetamine but the most
gut-wrenching moment and I Anna I've got
a daughter she's younger than Brandon
but the most gut-wrenching moment was
when Jared came back home and my two
older sons embraced in the kitchen and
wouldn't help let go of each other
because you know they had lost a brother
this is what America doesn't understand
the emotional toll that it takes on a
family and yes he could have been killed
by a drunk American driver absolutely
you know I understand that but he wasn't
this is a preventable death and this man
had already committed crimes in our
country and he didn't show up for his
court date and they apprehended him at
the border coming back over one time and
took him back up to Colorado to face the
judge and to face his crimes excuse me
and the judge basically just gave him a
slap on the wrist and and let him back
out into our communities and this is
what Americans need to understand the
leniency that our judges and our courts
because there have such a liberal
mindset that they think that these
people just have a right to be here they
don't right how did you think grandma
Knowles don't how did you find out who
went out when he got involved the
accident of the illegal alien and I
don't want to give him any I don't know
the illegal animal look at the criminal
how did you find out that he wasn't
illegal alien was he in the hospital as
well he died in the accident he died in
the accident okay so it was it was a no
I'm the fatalities I've been spared the
tragedy that so many angel families have
to have to go through number one that
the person runs and they're never caught
and they're they still have no justice
number two you've got a trial that drags
on and on and on forever
you know Steve Rana Beck lost his son
grant in Mesa Arizona shot in the face
by a repeater like a legal alien
criminal at a convenience store where
pack of cigarettes and it's
four-and-a-half years later and there's
still no trial and now he's been deemed
intellectually disabled they do anything
and everything for these illegal alien
criminal
yes I know trunk right cuz I've been
around him and I've talked to him I've
had private briefings with him I know
what's in his heart
is he a perfect man nobody's so I don't
get into him well you know it's but I
know what's in his heart he wants what's
best for this country
he loves this country I love this
country too and because of what it
afforded me the opportunity we got over
that ugly period of slavery
all right stain on this on a fabric of
the soul of this country that will never
go away
however at some point and this is why I
had an epiphany Candace I just decided
to forgive America for the past sin of
slavery you know why because the God
that I pray to every day teaches me to
forgive the God that I pray to every day
extends forgiveness and if he's going to
do that for me
at least I could do is do that to
somebody else and so I I didn't forget
and I say never forget slavery but it's
for me it was time to forgive and you
know it was very liberating right people
say how'd you become as I you know I
just realized I had to get into the
mainstream if I was gonna reach my
potential you can't do it on the you
know with these fringe groups of black
lives matter and so on and so forth
you're gonna get into mainstream right
and that means you're gonna have to mix
it up when white folks well I never had
this animosity never even before that
epiphany but I say this publicly I say I
forgave and I moved on and I said it's
been a liberating you know what's funny
is that you say you forgave it I never
felt that I needed to forgive it I felt
in every way that I needed to honor the
history that our ancestors went through
and I just can't think and I speak about
my grandfather all the time he didn't
grow up on a sharecropping farm in the
segregated south and work his entire
life to give me this opportunity so I
could go shrieking in the streets
screaming right about about the
injustice is of a life why I live in a
lap of luxury compared to my grandfather
that I have every opportunity so I just
I couldn't be such a coward as to not go
out in life and try to do even more than
the ancestors before me and the people
before him right so I do it out of honor
for my grandfather because he never
complained he never called anybody
racist he got up every single day and he
worked he still has it today
after he's retired but he can't not work
as it's in his DNA so my motivation has
always just been this is the time for us
to be great right this is there is
nothing there's literally nothing
holding us back and yet if you speak
today to black Americans and I tell you
I do this in every room when I'm on
college campuses I say who in this room
believes that America is a more racist
country today than it was 60 years ago
and I say I just want to know what
planet I'm in right now so just I'm just
gonna ask a basic question so many years
I've heard people talk about urban
America but they wouldn't talk about the
realities in many of the places of urban
black America and this president was
talking about he wasn't just talking
about it to gain points at black
audience he was talking about it in
white audiences and I think people got
upset about that so no no that's what
you need to do that's that's the courage
that's to talk talk about my community
anywhere you go everywhere you go right
and I said this is somebody I can get
behind because I believe he's not
beholden to any party structure he's not
beholden to any special-interest he's
going to say what he believes and mean
what he says and I can get behind
somebody like that and I have been proud
to stand with him and support him
publicly and privately because I think
he is doing an amazing thing for the
country but more specifically for the
black community I really do believe that
he is a rare moment a rare window of
opportunity for the black America to
wake up and to realize that we have not
been a part of this American dream
because we've been lied to and used and
abused and sold this concept that
there's somehow a virtue in
victimization like all you have to do is
figure out where you can plug into the
victim complex and what does that yield
absolutely nothing nothing what about is
it yield to be a black lives matter
member shouting in the streets screaming
after after a death it absolutely
nothing actually if it earned you
anything it's perhaps a chance to be
arrested and then you have it on your
record for the rest of your life right
and and yet this is what our community
has been sold as opportunity right and
he's somehow reversing it by saying hey
black America here are the stats what do
you have to lose the most important turn
of the century question for black
America what do you have to lose in the
answer of course is absolutely nothing
people have to understand that that were
live in a different world now but don't
think because you follow me or that you
follow Charlie that this is by any means
been easy there have been moments where
I've sat him down and he thought that
his whole life was over and was like if
this is they're just trying to kill me
and destroy me and I'm like get your get
your head out of the sand like we fight
we go on and there have been moments I
have called you and said like this is it
it's over like I can't do this anymore
and he's been like you get your ass up
out of bed and you keep going and it's
so so important for you guys to
understand that the next day it always
does get better yes and you here's the
other thing is giving up should never be
an option and also surround yourself
with people like tandace that whatever
you're doing that can relate and that
when you say when you say something that
they're going to tell you you know the
truth and they're gonna be honest but
they'll also have your back and I
understand this might sound cliche but
it's so hard to find that right it's so
hard to find that kind of loyalty that
um you know the kind of the old
expression is you know when you're in a
foxhole you want you want someone who
it's not gonna tell you that there's no
bullets being fired you want just to say
where the bullets are coming from right
yeah yeah I don't want someone in the
foxhole with you being like well what
are you hot dog eglee maybe a burger a
smoothie you want to say it enough
there's machine-gun nest over there
there's mortar shells coming from there
here's what we're gonna do is the alene
of action together exactly and and
that's the type of friend that you want
and you definitely don't want one that's
gonna run for the hills behind you we
definitely know who our allies are and
Freyr you is one of them amen
thank you guys for watching the latest
episode of the Candis Owens show I hope
you guys enjoyed the conversation as
much as I did as many of you guys
already know Prager U is a 501c3
nonprofit organization which means we
need your help to keep all of our
content for e to the public please
consider making a tax-deductible
donation today I would really appreciate
your support

